

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-18-000204
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180221
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				870699977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30415
		FILM NUMBER:		18627514
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 452 9866
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN GLORY HOLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215









 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.














 2017









Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. 














2804 Orchard Lake Rd.
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320













Common Stock
 par value $.001 per share



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.






 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.



 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ &nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).

















 2017 by non-affiliates of the issuer was $6
852
340 based on the closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock on such date.


 2018
 there were 141
196
061 shares of $.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

































Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.











Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.



























 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry&#8217;s actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to statements regarding:











 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#8220;may&#8221;
 &#8220;will&#8221;
 &#8220;should&#8221;
 &#8220;could&#8221;
 &#8220;would&#8221;
 &#8220;expects&#8221;
 &#8220;plans&#8221;
 &#8220;anticipates&#8221;
 &#8220;believes&#8221;
 &#8220;estimates&#8221;
 &#8220;projects&#8221;
 &#8220;predicts&#8221;
 &#8220;potential&#8221; and similar expressions intended to identify forward looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also
 these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by law
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events
 conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.








 which allowed the Company to accelerate the discovery and analytics work pertinent to the bovine mastitis therapeutic candidate
 validation study. A number of key research organizations were engaged to work on several fronts simultaneously in order to compress the timeframe and approach the tasks from different functional and analytical perspectives. The research organizations included the National Center for Natural Product Research at the University of Mississippi
 the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center
 Boston Institute of Biotechnology
 SBH Biosciences and Elicityl. On the nutrition side of the R&amp;D effort
 we moved forward with production scale-up and compliance
 having contracted Synthetic Genomics
 Inc. (SGI) to produce our proprietary algae at commercial scale in open ponds at their Imperial Valley facility in southern California. SGI was also contracted to conduct genome sequencing to fully identify our proprietary algal strain and also commenced classical
 non-GMO strain development to improve cultivation efficiencies. In anticipation of FDA compliance
 we began to actively recruit algae growers in China and India
 along with a test-case production contract with Algatek
 a photobioreactor producer based in Spain.




 1983
 under the name of &#8220;L. Peck Enterprises
 Inc.&#8221; On May 27
 1999
 we changed our name to &#8220;Western Glory Hole
 Inc.&#8221; From 1990 until October 2003
 we had no business operations; we were in the development stage and were seeking profitable business opportunities. On October 30
 2003
 we acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Health Enhancement Corporation (&#8220;HEC&#8221;) in exchange for 9
000
000 of our shares
 making HEC our wholly-owned subsidiary. In connection with this transaction
 we changed our name to Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. On October 14
 2014
 at the annual meeting of the Shareholders of the Company
 a proposal was passed to change the name of the Company from Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. to ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc. (&#8220;ZIVO&#8221;). On October 30
 2014
 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) approved the name ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc. for trading purposes and the symbol change to ZIVO effective November 10
 2014.


 AZ produced and marketed a liquid dietary supplement with marginal success beginning in 2003 until sales were suspended in January of 2012.


 in place since December 2011
 determined the sole focus for the near term was to move forward with a research-based product development program. From 2012 through 2017
 we engaged fully in such activities
 all as more fully explained herein. From the start of 2017 and moving into 2018
 we are conducting our final proof of concept validation for a bovine mastitis treatment
 consisting of in vitro and in vivo studies
 which is intended to dovetail with analytics and characterization of bioactive compounds produced by the algae itself. This body of work will be submitted to Zoetis
 Inc. (ZTS) a global animal health company
 per an option/collaboration agreement dated December 19
 2013 and amended in 2014
 to determine if our bioactive compounds exhibit efficacy in addressing bovine mastitis
 a common condition afflicting dairy cows that results in milk production losses. Upon completion of the research
 we expect to move into negotiations regarding the option payment and subsequent licensing.


 we are engaging with algae producers worldwide to produce our proprietary algal strain.


 patented applications and processes
 an optimized algal strain
 nutritional products and applications derived from our proprietary algal biomass that can find their way into food
 feed
 supplements and even therapeutics.


 we plan to explore our options for further licensing arrangements as they relate to canine joint health and human cholesterol.


 our business model anticipates deriving future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be extracted from or are initially based on the algae cultures. In line with this
 on April 20
 2017
 we entered into a Limited License Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with NutriQuest
 LLC an innovative leader in animal health and nutrition solutions. In the Agreement
 we granted to NutriQuest a limited
 exclusive license to market
 distribute sell and collect the sales proceeds in all of our nutrition
 feed additive and supplementation applications relating to naturally-derived algal biomass and extraction products for oral administration in swine and/or poultry species. 

Further
 we expect that these additional planned new products will likely be sold to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. We expect bulk ingredients to be made by contracted algae growers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and food processors and/or name-brand marketers. 


 we established HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. as our wholly owned subsidiary (&#8220;HEPI Pharma&#8221;). The purpose of HEPI Pharma was to develop potential pharmaceutical applications for the bioactive ingredients that may be derived from our algae cultures.


 we formed ZIVO Biologic
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 for the purpose of manufacturing and commercialization of proprietary ingredients for non-medicinal animal health applications. ZIVO Biologic is 100% owned by ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc.


 we acquired the assets
 consisting primarily of intellectual property rights
 of Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&#8220;Wellness&#8221;)
 a Michigan corporation based in Illinois. Concurrently
 we formed WellMetris
 LLC (&#8220;WellMetris&#8221;) as a 100% owned entity of ZIVO. We acquired four patent applications as part of the transaction
 in addition to engineering drawings
 prototypes
 chemical formulae
 validation data
 laboratory equipment and IT equipment. We assigned all of the intellectual property acquired to WellMetris with a stated value of $1
391
281. The mission of WellMetris is to develop
 manufacture
 market and sell Wellness Tests. The Wellness Tests are intended to provide individuals the information and opportunity to optimize their health and identify future health risks or to provide insurers
 employers and healthcare providers timely information to intervene with wellness programs
 fitness regimes or other preventative measures. During the period of time since we have owned WellMetris
 we have drafted and filed an additional eight patent applications around the intellectual property acquired
 as noted in the section &#8220;Patents and Proprietary Rights.&#8221; In the summer of 2014
 we evaluated the circumstances related to the original four patent applications acquired and determined that two of the existing patent applications could be improved and filed new patents applications to redefine and better protect our intellectual property. We have abandoned one of the initial four patent applications purchased
 released two of the four applications purchased and substituted them with two new patent applications
 and retained ownership of one of the four applications purchased
 which has now converted to a national phase application. In connection with the abandoned patents
 we have protected our rights with regards to the original patent applications purchased
 however we determined we should record a loss on abandonment of $1
391
281 for the year ended December 31
 2014 as the initial value of the acquired patent applications pending resides in the newly drafted and filed eight patent applications. 






 we have approached and are continuing to approach potential customers or licensees in the market verticals described below. The products described throughout this document are still in the development stage
 and are subject to development risk. There can be no assurance that any of the products described below will prove to be effective
 or if found to be effective
 will be able to be produced in a commercially viable manner.




 or significantly reducing symptoms
 of bovine mastitis &#8211; a condition that effectively stops milk production in affected cows. According to the National Mastitis Council
 the condition affects 10% of the U.S. dairy herd at any one time
 costing producers approximately $1
100 per case. In the U.S. alone
 causes a highly contagious and potentially fatal form of bovine mastitis (an infection of the mammary gland)
 for which there currently is no treatment. In the cow&#8217;s udder
 mammary epithelial cells form an immunological barrier to protect the mammary gland. When bacteria or other pathogens break through this barrier
 an infection can set in
 affecting quality and quantity of milk produced. Our compounds showed promising early results for restoration of the immunological barrier in experiments conducted 
 as conducted by the Principal Researcher at the University of Wisconsin - Madison
 Department of Dairy Science.

On December 20
 2013 (amended in 2014)
 we entered into a Collaboration and Option Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with Zoetis
 a global animal health company
 in connection with the prevention
 treatment
 and management of bovine mastitis. In the Agreement
 we granted to the counterparty an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive license with us. Specifically
 upon completion of a collaborative study (which is in process)
 and acceptance of the work product by Zoetis
 the Agreement provides for a 90-day exclusivity period for evaluation of results
 followed by a 90 day period to exercise the option and negotiate an option payment.

With respect to livestock and poultry applications
 we intend to move on three related fronts &#8211; working to bring an algal feed ingredient to market in the United States by amplifying the algae culture; working to produce a dietary supplement or feed additive for global consumption outside the U.S.; and
 putting ourselves in a position to license the isolated bioactive molecules to a pharmaceutical or drug development company for synthetic development as a prescribed treatment for production animal applications. The isolated bioactive molecules form the intellectual property of interest to Zoetis. The feed ingredient
 feed additive and dietary supplement are intended for other potential collaborators along with NutriQuest
 (whose agreement covers swine and/or poultry species only). 

 study believes that the same autoimmune effect may be useful in combating bovine respiratory disease complex (&#8220;BRDC&#8221;)
 also known as &#8220;shipping fever.&#8221; BRDC typically occurs when beef cattle are shipped from the ranch to the feedlot prior to processing. According to the American Association of Beef Producers
 cattle ranchers and feedlot operators attribute a 30% loss in body weight to BRDC when it occurs &#8211; a $10 billion problem in the U.S. alone. We are planning a field study to validate several dosing modalities before offering a licensing option
 when resources and funding permits.


 which if successful could allow a relatively rapid release to production and sales as a companion animal dietary supplement. According to the Nutrition Business Journal
 the canine joint-health dietary supplement market segment tops $360 million annually in the U.S. alone. Estimates for the world market may be substantially higher
 tissue explant experiment conducted by the Comparative Orthopaedics Laboratory at University of Missouri found that direct stimulation of living canine joint tissue with our bioactive compounds protected cartilage from degradation by IL-1b
 and can be produced on an efficient basis
 we intend to sell or license our product as a supplement ingredient to larger
 well-established and profitable brand names in the pet industry. We have conducted other laboratory studies simulating the effects of canine osteoarthritis with positive results.


 the isolated bioactive molecules found in the amplified algae product may
 subject to successful negotiations
 be licensed to a pharmaceutical company for development as a synthetic prescription drug. We expect that the process of developing and testing such a drug could take years. Therefore
 as is common practice
 we intend to work toward negotiating an upfront licensing fee
 milestone payments upon each successful conclusion of a development phase
 followed by pre-market approval; and finally
 a steady stream of royalties in the future. The other revenue streams generated by feed and supplement sales may begin to be realized in 2018
 but no assurance can be provided in that regard. Much of the research and licensing progress has been and will continue to be paced by the availability of capital funding and/or debt financing (see Item 7 &#8211; Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Liquidity and Capital Resources). 




 functional foods
 or health foods
 represent an estimated $20 billion business in the U.S. and a $28 billion business in Europe. The Middle East
 although significantly smaller
 is growing at a rate of 12-14% annually
 followed closely by the newly-affluent in China and India. These foods typically are processed products that contain one or more staple foods augmented with a variety of performance-enhancing ingredients.


 we are recruiting growers around the world and expect to begin importing market-ready product into the US by late 2018
 and into the EU in 2019.




 dried kelp
 Omega-3 fish oil
 resveratrol
 saw palmetto and similar supplements attests to the American public&#8217;s obsession with &#8216;natural&#8217; products. The dietary supplement business is a $24 billion industry in the U.S. alone
 and twice that the world over.


 we will endeavor to private-label the compound or finished product for larger
 established marketers and retailers. If we are able to accomplish this
 we believe this is a more efficient use of capital and resources while still retaining control of the intellectual property
 the manufacturing process and pricing decisions. Our goal is not to be placed in a position where our premier product application is commodified and we must compete on price.




 during or after various medical procedures
 including surgery
 chemotherapy
 radiation therapy and physical therapy. At times
 medicinal foods are used to augment the effects of prescription drugs. These medicinal foods are expensive and typically reimbursed by health insurers. Botanical drugs can also be made available over-the-counter (OTC) after an extensive compliance program.


 or as an OTC botanical drug. These are both FDA-regulated sectors. Medicinal food standards are somewhat less stringent than pharmaceutical applications. Botanical drug standards are similar to other pharmaceutical applications. Under our business model
 if we are able to produce a commercial product in these areas
 we will endeavor to enter into a private-label arrangement with a larger strategic partner to produce and distribute these product applications.




 complex and time-consuming. It is an undertaking well beyond our financial capabilities and one that may take years to achieve. If we pursue the development of a prescription drug
 we will likely seek a partnership with a co-developer that will share in the risk and expense of the initial development process
 and then share in any royalties resulting from the licensing or sale of any synthetic molecule and its homologs we are able to develop and license. Or
 we may out-license the natural molecules at discovery stage and allow the licensee to develop the Investigatory New Drug (IND) filing and conduct subsequent safety/efficacy phases in order to bring a therapeutic product to market.


 licenses fees and royalty payments across animal and human applications
 typically at the discovery stage.




 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that we believe will allow individuals and their care providers to optimize personal health and identify future health risks. The information obtained will also provide insurers
 employers and healthcare providers timely information to intervene with wellness programs
 fitness regimes or other preventative measures. We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:

In phase one (&#8220;Phase One&#8221;) or
 alternately named Gen 1.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize a series of tests
 which are intended to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#8220;Phase One Test&#8221;). The Phase One Test is being designed to measure biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 and antioxidant status to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and from which metabolic syndrome can be inferred.&nbsp;

In phase two (&#8220;Phase Two&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 1.5
 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology focused on the positive or negative metabolic effects of metabolizing fat and muscle efficiency due to changes in diet
 exertion
 hydration and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems.&nbsp;

In phase three (&#8220;Phase Three&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 2.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize additional tests intended to provide a more complete metabolic profile for an individual utilizing the metabolites present in urine. The Company believes the Gen 2.0 tests
 in aggregate
 will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time. This technology can also be applied to livestock and companion animals. As capital funding becomes available
 the Company will move forward with finalizing its transition cow syndrome test
 for which a provisional patent application has already been filed.&nbsp;




 diabetes
 autoimmune diseases and cancer. The Wellness Tests are intended to identify pre-conditions to such illnesses. Such identification may allow for early intervention and reduce incidence of such illnesses or forestall their onset. This is critically important to large employers
 insurers and governmental agencies who are payers for health claims and are facing massive increases in premiums or cash outlays.

The WellMetris technology also incorporates sophisticated software to analyze
 report
 record and manage wellness and health data for large groups such as large employers
 pension funds
 accountable care organizations
 state Medicaid agencies and their actuarial consultants
 underwriters
 re-insurers and wellness consultants. The software also contains tools to conduct meta-analysis of baseline health benchmarks and monitor the progress of pre-clinical intervention programs within large groups.


 all development work has been halted until this entity is either sold
 funded independently of ZIVO Bioscience
 or spun out as a free-standing business.












 Omega-3 and antioxidants are made and marketed in a fiercely competitive
 price-sensitive market environment. Recently
 several algae producers have made health claims for their proprietary algae strains
 ranging from treatment for diabetes to controlling HIV symptoms. Proprietary products offered by some marketers are often dogged by unsubstantiated claims of product efficacy or present potential product safety issues
 which in turn draw the attention of regulators. The optimal position for a supplement and ingredient maker is when pricing power can be exerted through well-protected intellectual property and further backed by well-documented safety and efficacy claims.


 Cognis
 ConAgra
 Cargill and Nestle
 each of which has active M&amp;A efforts
 a large scientific staff and a generous R&amp;D budget to develop supplements and ingredients for a wide range of applications. However
 we intend to approach these very same competitors as potential strategic partners
 in order to leverage their specific expertise in certain food and supplement categories where a mutually beneficial relationship can be established. There can be no assurance that this strategy will be effective.


 the companion animal dietary supplement segment
 and specifically canine joint health
 is made up almost exclusively of chondroitin/glutathione supplements
 which have dominated that segment for more than a decade. This $360 million segment represents a potentially lucrative opportunity to introduce a completely new product if we are able to demonstrate superior benefits and produce a product at a comparable price.


 the animal health market as it pertains to mastitis in dairy cows
 and specifically feed ingredients that exhibit beneficial properties
 has been largely in the realm of yeast-based products. Only recently has there been a focus on algae-based alternatives
 as promoted by Alltech with its $200 million expansion of an algae facility in Kentucky. In the U.S.
 feed ingredients cannot be promoted using any form of health claim
 and dietary supplements for production animals are
 to our knowledge
 non-existent. However
 outside the U.S.
 the use of dietary supplements is widespread
 and we intend to market our refined ingredients to a worldwide market in partnership with a global brand name.




 which changes markedly throughout the day. Blood-based wellness tests can be even less reliable because the biomarkers for oxidative stress and inflammation are extremely dynamic and will often change before the blood can be tested
 casting doubt on the results.


 there is no guarantee that our products will be proven to be effective and commercially viable
 or that a larger
 better-financed competitor may not emerge once we begin promoting our products. 






 we contracted Synthetic Genomics
 Inc. to conduct commercial scale-up at a facility in Imperial Valley
 California. We continue to use the AzCATI facility at Arizona State University to produce our microbial mixture for continued experimentation. In January 2018
 we signed a Letter of Intent with Tianjin Norland Biotech Co.
 Ltd. of Tianjin
 China to commence production of our microbial mixture. Other growers in China
 India
 Taiwan and Thailand have been approached and negotiations are underway.


 at which point production can commence. This affects the initial start of biomass delivery
 but is unlikely to affect ongoing shipments once the algal strain is registered.




 we will need two physical components to deliver our services. A dedicated
 custom reader device and a test comprised of eight (8) different chemistry tests on a single urine test panel housed in a proprietary disposable cartridge.

The dedicated
 custom reader device is manufactured by a third party to our specifications. We do not believe that there is a risk of supply
 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the unit.&nbsp;

The test panel and proprietary cartridge are manufactured by a third party to our specifications. We do not believe that there is a risk of supply
 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the units.&nbsp;




 we reoriented the business model to focus on research and development in order to license our product and technology to third parties and to furnish algal biomass in bulk. Our potential customers are larger
 well-established brand names in nutrition and health who will likely combine our algal biomass with other ingredients for feed
 food and beverage applications. At this time
 there are no customers providing any revenue.






 we are only manufacturing the product for purposes of research and development programs that are currently underway. However
 in January 2018
 we signed a Letter of Intent with Tianjin Norland Biotech Co.
 Ltd. of Tianjin
 China to commence production of our microbial mixture. We are continuing to search for additional production sites throughout the world.




 we are using third parties to manufacture our custom reader device and test panel
 which we are currently using for development purposes.






 we have secured patent and federal trademark registrations in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (&#8220;USPTO&#8221;) as described below:

U.S. Patent No. 7
807
622 issued October 5
 2010
 relates to our proprietary complex algal culture. The title of the patent is: &#8220;Composition and use of phyto-percolate for treatment of disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phytopercolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the potential use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. This patent was filed on November 30
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date (which may be subject to extension via Patent Term Adjustment and Patent Term Extension).&nbsp;

U. S. Patent No. 8
586
053 issued November 19
 2013
 relates to our proprietary algal culture. The title of the patent is: &#8220;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of Disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. The phyto-percolate is believed to contain an activity that induces the reduction of soluble and insoluble fibrin. Further
 the phyto-percolate is believed to reduce oxidative stress in the body. The patent was filed on April 20
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date. &nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 8
791
060 issued July 29
 2014
 relates to our proprietary culture. Title of the patent is the same: &#8220;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further describes proteolytic activity. The patent was filed on October 4
 2010 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 9
486
005 issued November 8
 2016
 relates to our proprietary culture. Title of the patent is: &#8220;Agents and Mechanisms for Treating Hypercholesterolemia.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of treating hypercholesterolemia in mammals
 by administering an effective amount of microbial fermentation product and regulating genes involved in lipoprotein metabolism.&nbsp;


&#8221; &#8220;ZIVO BIOLOGIC
&#8221; &#8220;WELLM8&#8221; and &#8220;WELLMETRIX&#8221;. We may have other common law rights in other trademarks
 trade names
 service marks
 and the like which will continue as long as we use those respective marks.


 and secured an ICANN domain of the same spelling in late 2017.











2
631
773










14/558
516









Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin
 and Serum Amyloid A

61/834
842


Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin and Serum Amyloid A




Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin
 and Serum amyloid A

SN 14/898
091















SN 2
827
401




SN15/330
830




SN 61/835
282











14/904
274




SN 61/872
928




14/916
068




SN 13/812
220




61/367
486












 EP and US



62/295
976
Application filed Feb 16
 2016; 









62/457
566




62/467
984




SN 62
116
766
Filed Feb 16
 2015; 




15/550
749
















 its constituent components and the methodology of the test panel.



SN 62 136
764
Filed March
 23
 2015; 







Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform 


National stage applications filed in US
 CA
 EP
 JP and MX

Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform

15/560
989


Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform




Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform




Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform




Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform









National stage applications filed in US
 CA
 EP
 JP and MX



15/569
376































 our product(s) are subject to extensive governmental regulations.


 these laws
 regulations and other constraints exist at the federal
 state and local levels and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. The majority of these regulations directly relate to (1) the formulation
 clinical testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and storage of our product(s) and (2) product claims and advertising
 including claims and advertising by us
 as well as claims and advertising by distributors for which we may be held responsible.




 the formulation
 testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 labeling
 promotion
 advertising
 distribution and sale of our product(s) are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 primarily (1) the Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;) and (2) the Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;). Our activities also are regulated by various agencies of the states and localities and foreign countries in which our product(s) are manufactured
 promoted
 distributed and sold. The FDA
 in particular
 regulates the formulation
 manufacture and labeling of conventional foods
 dietary ingredients and dietary supplements (or nutraceuticals).


 drugs
 cosmetics and medical devices in the United States. To the extent that we manufacture finished product(s) for sale to consumers (and in certain other limited circumstances where we sell our product as an ingredient)
 FDA regulations require us to comply with current good manufacturing practice (&#8220;cGMP&#8221;) regulations for the preparation
 packing and storage of dietary supplements. This is a complex series of regulations that have posed significant compliance challenges to the supplement industry. To the extent that we supply our product(s) as ingredients for the use in foods or nutraceuticals
 we would be required to comply with cGMP regulations for foods
 as well as the provisions of the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 which require all companies involved in the production of food and food ingredients to develop and implement a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) program.


 Drug and Cosmetic Act (&#8220;FFDCA&#8221;) by recognizing &#8220;dietary supplements&#8221; as a distinct category of food and
 we believe
 is generally favorable to the dietary supplement industry. The legislation grandfathered
 with some limitations
 dietary ingredients that were on the market before October 15
 1994. A dietary supplement that contains a dietary ingredient that was not on the market before October 15
 1994 will require evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety establishing that it is reasonably expected to be safe. To the extent that we offer for sale unique
 proprietary ingredients we will be required to file with FDA evidence supporting the conclusion that we have a &#8220;reasonable expectation&#8221; that they will be safe for human consumption when used as directed. The FDA recently published an &#8220;Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking&#8221; which the nutraceutical industry believes will substantially increase the level of evidence required to satisfy the &#8220;reasonable expectation&#8221; standard.

DSHEA provides for specific nutritional labeling requirements for dietary supplements. DSHEA permits substantiated
 truthful and non-misleading statements of nutritional support to be made in labeling
 such as statements describing general well-being from consumption of a nutraceutical ingredient or the role of a nutrient or dietary ingredient in affecting or maintaining structure or function of the body. A company making a statement of nutritional support must possess adequate substantiating scientific evidence for the statement
 disclose on the label that the FDA has not reviewed the statement and that the product is not intended to mitigate
 treat
 cure or prevent disease
 and notify the FDA of the statement within 30 days after its initial use. To the extent we produce finished product for use by consumers as nutraceuticals
 we will be required to comply with these provisions of DSHEA.




 this category of products is subject to the Nutrition
 Labeling and Education Act (&#8220;NLEA&#8221;) and regulations promulgated under the NLEA. The NLEA regulates health claims
 ingredient labeling and nutrient content claims characterizing the level of a nutrient in the product. The ingredients added to conventional foods must either be generally recognized as safe by experts (&#8220;GRAS&#8221;) or be approved as food additives under FDA regulations.


 which exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of our product
 has for years instituted enforcement actions against companies marketing supplements for alleged false
 misleading or unsubstantiated advertising of some of their products. The FTC has specific guides for advertising claim substantiation as well as for the use of testimonials. As a general matter
 companies making health related claims for their products or ingredients are required to possess well designed human clinical studies supporting such claims at the time they are made. Enforcement actions have often resulted in consent decrees and significant monetary payments by the companies involved. In addition
 the FTC has increased its scrutiny of the use of testimonials which we have and may in the future utilize. 




 we may be required to obtain an approval
 license or certification from the relevant country's ministry of health or comparable agency. This would hold true for jurisdictions such as Canada
 the European Union
 Japan
 Australia and New Zealand. The approval process generally requires us to present each product and product ingredient to appropriate regulators for review of data supporting safety as well as substantiating any claims we may desire to make. We would also be required to comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Our failure to comply with these regulations could prevent our product(s) from being legally offered for sale. 




 also known as Proposition 65
 provides that no person in the course of doing business shall knowingly discharge or release a chemical known to the state to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity into water or into land where such chemical passes or probably will pass into any source of drinking water
 without first giving clear and reasonable warning. Among other things
 the statute covers all consumer goods (including foods) sold in the State of California. Prop. 65 allows private enforcement actions (sometimes called &#8220;bounty hunter&#8221; actions). Reports indicate that over 100 such actions have been commenced annually over the past 3 years against companies in the nutraceutical industry (e.g.
 lead content of calcium
 lead content of ginseng
 PCB in fish oil) alleging that their products are contaminated with heavy metals or other compounds that would trigger the warning requirements of the Act. While we intend to take appropriate steps to ensure that any of our products that we may market will be in compliance with the Act
 given the nature of this statute and the extremely low tolerance limits it establishes (well below federal requirements)
 there is a risk that we
 our contracted producer or a licensee could be found liable for the presence of miniscule amounts of a prohibited chemical in our product. Such liability could be significant.




 we will produce research-only feedstock for chemical analysis
 safety studies and efficacy studies compliant with applicable state and federal regulations. However
 we will rely on our research partners to conduct their respective R&amp;D programs in a manner compliant with applicable regulation and law. Once a product concept has been fully developed
 we intend to manufacture that product
 either internally or on a contract basis. In either case
 we intend to adhere to all state and federal regulations relative to the safety and efficacy of the product application
 as well as relevant regulations covering the safe and consistent manufacture of that product.




 we continued our efforts to achieve GRAS (Generally Recognized As Safe) status for the algal biomass
 intended for use in humans
 poultry
 dogs and cattle. We contracted a well-regarded FDA consultant to map out the strategy and manage the process of developing product specifications
 safety testing
 publication of results and convening a GRAS panel for human use. We anticipate this process to be completed in 2018. In April 2017
 we entered into a Limited License Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with NutriQuest
 an animal nutrition company based in Cedar Rapids
 Iowa
 with the strategy expanded to accommodate a compliance track for swine and/or poultry species use as well.


 we contracted a number of well-regarded private and academic laboratories to establish a nutritional profile for the algal biomass
 as well conduct various safety and toxicology tests required for the GRAS self-affirmation process. The tests
 studies and validations will continue through of 2018 until the process is completed.




 which have advised us as to the most time and cost-efficient path to classification and approvals. This activity will continue upon availability of additional funding.








 beginning in 2004. In spring of 2009
 we undertook a research and development process with a view to fractioning the existing product into much smaller
 concentrated groups of molecules with similar physical properties. These groups were then tested 


 we continue to develop our research programs internally and direct outside academic researchers
 private laboratories or contract research organizations to conduct experiments
 tests and studies on our behalf. We spent approximately $2
381
000 for the year ended December 31
 2017 on research and development
 as compared to $789
000 in 2016. The resources were spent on external research
 mainly to independent facilities involved in the analysis and validation of our bioactive compounds in various applications and animal models. To date
 all of these amounts have been directly expensed as they have been incurred.


 the Company has moved forward with the following R&amp;D activities:

 by other researchers in the fall of 2016.. The pre-pilot and pilot arms of this study have been completed and the results gained thus far may shorten the primary arm of this bovine study
 which commenced in late spring 2017 with the preparation of testing samples and final study design. The primary arm of the study is expected to conclude in spring 2018
 concurrently with isolation and characterization of the bioactive compounds.&nbsp;

A study utilizing cadaver cartilage and joint tissue at the Comparative Orthopaedics Laboratory located at the University of Missouri showed positive early results for protective effects in canine joint health
 using our natural bioactive compounds. The study will be repeated and expanded when capital funding is made available.&nbsp;

A canine whole blood experiment was conducted at an international contract research organization to study the effects of our natural bioactive compounds on inflammatory cytokines and chemokines present in blood to assess whether a systemic or localized mechanism of action can be determined. Although the results trended in a positive direction
 Company principals determined that a more definitive in vivo study would be more useful. Such study is expected to be conducted when capital funding is available.&nbsp;

The ongoing elucidation and characterization of the natural bioactive compounds had undergone a data integrity review in early 2014. Further work to develop a more comprehensive understanding of the bioactives and developing a 3D model had been placed on hold since spring of 2014 pending available funding. In mid-March 2016
 the Company re-activated the elucidation and characterization of the natural bioactive compounds as funding became available. The Center for Complex Carbohydrate Research at the University of Georgia was tasked with sample purification and preliminary analysis. Other laboratories were contracted to conduct bioassays to validate the bioactivity of the purified and isolated samples
 with work ongoing at the close of 2016.&nbsp;

Beginning in spring 2017
 we contracted with the National Center for Natural Products Research at the University of Mississippi
 the Boston Institute of Biotechnology
 the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center
 Elicityl SA
 SBH Biosciences and other research facilities to accelerate the elucidation and characterization of the bioactive compounds present in the algal biomass
 with the intent to converge these findings with the in vivo validation conducted for treatment of bovine mastitis
 and present this body of work to Zoetis and effectively start the clock on the 90-day evaluation period.&nbsp;

Beginning in fall 2016
 we commenced a significant number of tests to determine the nutritional composition of the algal biomass
 its toxicity
 genetic mutagenicity
 bacterial count and other safety measures for successive batches of biomass produced at AzCATI and subsequently
 at Synthetic Genomics to establish consistent production and repeatability in anticipation of GRAS approvals. These tests form the basis for safety and stability claims as part of the requirement to meet GRAS standards.&nbsp;

As mentioned previously
 2017 saw an increase in R&amp;D spending and the active recruitment of algae growers in China and India. We engaged an outside consultant to advise us on outsourcing algae production and hired an experienced supply chain and operations manager to develop our internal and external organizational structures to support a global supply chain in anticipation of a market launch in mid to late 2018. In addition
 we worked closely with our animal feed partner NutriQuest to conduct initial trials and analyses of a potential poultry feed ingredient
 with good results. The FDA compliance effort is still underway and is expected to dovetail with product availability in mid to late 2018
 pending available funding.&nbsp;


 but also testing the method of isolation and then validating that the isolated molecules retain their bioactivity across a select range of human and animal cell lines
studies. We must ensure that this does not occur occasionally
 it is required for every production process
 every safety validation process and every intended application
 such as a canine dietary supplement that is mixed with food
 as opposed to a canine dietary supplement that is administered in the form of a chewable caplet. 


 as we  enter production scale-up
 we are required to provide cGMP protocols and Quality Assurance (&#8220;QA&#8221;) protocols that show we can produce the algal biomass and/or the active ingredients safely
 consistently and in defined quantities
 and therefore rely on these same experiments and methods to substantiate our quality claims. These datasets form the basis for establishing the value of a license agreement. Therefore
 every single license that we hope to issue requires its own data set and safety validation for the specific application being licensed. These datasets represent the core of the intellectual property that is being licensed.




 the method was not commercially viable
 and the Company has expended considerable resources to develop a single-species
 high-volume and commercially viable production methodology.


 resulting in the creation of a product platform strategy whereby four different forms could be developed for future marketing across several categories and applications:


 which would naturally contain the beneficial compound(s); b) a more refined extraction which could be introduced into animal feed or supplements; c) the isolated natural molecule(s) which could be more appropriate for human consumption in food or supplements; and d) the synthetic version of any such natural molecule(s) which could be licensed to drug development companies or joint-ventured in a risk-sharing arrangement.

To that end
 we contracted with several experts in the field to coordinate isolation of the different organisms present in the culture
 grow each of them separately and then subject them to the same life-cycle stressors as the original culture. The stated goal was to grow algae in bulk as a direct source of micro-nutrition and feed ingredient for production animals
 namely beef cattle and dairy cows
 as well as companion animal dietary supplementation. The production capability would be licensed to others. Per the business model
 we have no intention of fielding a finished product
 but rather empowering licensees to strike supply agreements with larger
 better-financed brand names or licensing directly with such brand names. There can be no assurance that commercially viable products will be developed
 or that they can be successfully and profitably manufactured and marketed.


 our contracted researchers were able to successfully isolate one or more algal species
 scale up the production/output of the isolated species and still retain some of the key
 desirable bioactive properties associated with the earlier
 complex culture. Proof of concept growing techniques
 including both pond and bioreactor modes
 showed that our target algal specie can be grown in commercially viable quantities
 and the harvest time was compressed from several months to several days&#8217; time. We are uncertain if we can grow biomass in sufficient tonnage for livestock feed
 but we believe that the current production methods will allow us to satisfy demand for a more refined product introduced into animal feed and into human supplements.


 we tested the algal biomass and isolates derived from the aforementioned prototype growing facilities in dairy cows with successful results.


 we finalized development of Standard Operating Procedures (&#8220;SOP&#8217;s&#8221;) in order to draft contractual terms with contract growers domestically and abroad. The SOP&#8217;s form the basis for current Good Manufacturing Practice (&#8220;cGMP&#8221;) protocols to which contract growers and processors must adhere as part of the FDA&#8217;s updated Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 (&#8220;FSMA&#8221;) requirements
 regardless of country of origin. In early 2016
 we contracted with a Florida-based algae grower to scale-up production in a commercial setting. Due to weather problems
 including Hurricane Matthew
 the grower was unable to successfully deliver the biomass required. To remedy the situation
 we identified and began contract negotiations in late October with Synthetic Genomics
 Inc.
 (SGI) which operates an algae production facility in Imperial Valley
 California
 and concluded a tolling agreement in late December
 2016. SGI will also convert and upgrade the SOPs to cGMP level specifications so that we can meet compliance requirements. We conducted experiments in post-processing
 such as spray-drying centrifugal water extraction and other techniques to better understand feed and food handling requirements. We contracted the Burdock Group of Orlando
 Florida in summer of 2016 to manage the compliance process on our behalf. During 2017
 SGI scaled production up to 1 million liters
 finishing a proof-of-concept for commercial sale.




&#8221; as it relates to autoimmune and anti-inflammatory response. These are very broad categories and work is still required to fully describe the 3D structure of such compounds
 as the actual structure is how the bioactivity exists and where the value is locked. One approach among several we&#8217;ve taken is to create synthetic homologs
 and from them deduce the composition and 3D structure of the naturally bioactive compounds. In early 2014
 we determined that the synthetic approach was not yielding the hoped-for results and halted that particular effort. 


 we restarted the elucidation and characterization effort by contracting the Center for Complex Carbohydrate Research at the University of Georgia to begin sample purification
 isolation and analyses
 supported by bioassay validation conducted at several private labs.


 we estimate that we will
 in fiscal 2018
 be required to expend in excess of $3
000
000 on research and subsequent product development and manufacturing in order to complete the initiatives discussed herein. In addition to the activity in 2018
 we plan to continue our research and development efforts as well as manufacturing in 2019 and beyond. These expenditures will need to be met from external funding sources as well as revenues we intend to receive. In the past
 we have had difficulty raising funds from external sources. Thus
 we may not be able to raise the funding required to continue our research and development activities. In the event that these sources are not available or adequate to meet our research needs
 we will be unable to pursue our research activities
 in which case our ability to substantiate the accumulated intellectual property with objective clinical support for its characterization
 method of action and efficacy will continue to be impeded
 thereby severely hindering our ability to generate licensing revenue (or otherwise commercialize our products) and adversely affect our operating results.


 we will continue our current research program with our research partners
 we will expand our investigations to include various experts and consultants on an as-needed basis and explore new product concepts and applications. Our current contracts with our research partners cover the following activities:

Ongoing isolation and characterization of individual natural molecules from various production formats in sufficient quantities for downstream analyses
 experiments
 standards development
 FDA compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols
 whether as the basis for synthetic compounds
 or as a medical food or botanical drug&nbsp;

 to substantiate efficacy and safety for each specific application or claim
 i.e.
 bovine mastitis
 poultry immune health
 canine osteoarthritis
 canine joint health
 porcine respiratory/reproductive syndrome
 etc.
 to boost value for each specific license&nbsp;

Synthetic development/validation of individual molecules to boost value of licenses
 likely to be conducted by others
 either as licensees or joint venturers&nbsp;

Ongoing validation of samples in vivo and in vitro for standards development
 FDA safety compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols&nbsp;

Product development initiatives such as the joint development project with NutriQuest to develop a successful poultry feed ingredient; with other partners
 to develop a protein enhancement ingredient for vegan drinks and smoothies as well as a human dietary supplement formulation&nbsp;








 programmatic applications of its testing and reporting platform. We are interested in supporting the intervention by wellness consultants or medical professionals in the lifestyle choices made by individuals covered by traditional health insurance plans
 retiree medical benefits pools
 employer-sponsored health initiatives and taxpayer-sponsored programs like Medicaid and the ACA (Affordable Care Act) or its proposed replacement. These interventions
 which are typically pre-clinical
 have been shown to be successful in delaying the onset of chronic diseases such as diabetes or cardiovascular problems. We believe that targeting asymptomatic individuals and focusing intervention efforts on these individuals may have a positive result for wellness programs
 and potentially lower premiums and health claims.


 the WellMetris product platform required additional prototype analyzers and additional dry chemistry reagent strips and cartridges to conduct pilot programs for potential customers
 and to use the result of these pilot programs to help normalize data for the dry chemistry reagents as part of the FDA submission package. 


 primarily focused on those individuals who purchase dietary supplements
 join health clubs or are otherwise actively pursuing a healthy lifestyle. This involves miniaturizing some aspects of our test cartridge concept and creating a mobile application
 thereby eliminating the need for the analyzer device. This is a significant undertaking
 which will not commence until we realize revenues from our Phase 1 product launch or attract additional capital funding. However
 incremental steps were taken in 2016 to finalize 3D models of the sample collection device and the assay carrier in preparation for finite element testing of each component sometime in 2018
 pending available funding.

In 2017
 we redeveloped the sample collection device to reduce manufacturing costs and create an upscale look to the device while simplifying one-handed use. The exterior design of the reader/analyzer was also updated. The company filed a trademark for &#8220;WellMetrix&#8221; and purchased the ICANN domain 




 in all material respects
 in compliance with local
 state
 and federal environmental laws applicable to our production and waste disposal. The cost of this compliance activity to date has not been material
 and has been absorbed within our general operations overhead.




 2017 we had three full-time employees
 positioned in executive management. In addition
 we have two part-time people acting on a consulting basis as our Chief Science Officer and our Director
 Research &amp; Development. We believe that our employee relations are good. No employee is represented by a union.




 quarterly and current reports
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our filings with the SEC can be viewed at www.sec.gov.



Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on our consolidated financial statements which states that the consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficit and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations and sustain our operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Unless and until we realize licensing and royalty revenues sufficient to cover our expenses
 we will be reliant upon external sources to fund our continued operations. There is no guarantee that this funding will continue. If we are unable to raise additional funds
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

As of December 31
 2017

306
061 shares outstanding. We also had contractual commitments to issue 315
073
306 additional shares as of December 31
 2017
 consisting of 196
321
552 common shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 118
751
754 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants. This totals a potential 456
379
367 shares outstanding if all debentures were converted and warrants exercised. In order to increase the authorized shares to a higher number
 we would need to amend our articles of incorporation
 which would require shareholder approval. There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain the shareholder approval necessary to amend our articles of incorporation to increase our authorized shares.

We do not have resources to pursue the development
 manufacturing and marketing of products on our own
 and we will need to rely on third parties for some of these activities. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully establish strategic partnerships.

The ability to market our product is dependent upon the completion of proven
 clinical research. 
 there is no guarantee that the research will successfully achieve this goal. If our current research does not return the results we expect
 our business prospects will be materially and adversely affected.

Nutraceutical and animal supplement products
 although not subject to FDA approval
 must follow strict guidelines in terms of production and advertising claims. Our ability to produce and successfully market our products is dependent upon adhering to these requirements. If we fail to comply with applicable government regulations concerning the production and marketing of our product
 we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have a history of losses
 we expect to continue to incur losses and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 if and when we do become profitable
 we will sustain profitability. If we are ultimately unable to generate sufficient revenue to meet our financial targets
 become profitable and have sustainable positive cash flows
 investors could lose their investment.

We compete with a wide range of established companies in a variety of different markets
 all of whom have substantially greater name recognition and resources than we do. We face or will face other specialized competitors if we are able to expand into new vertical markets. These competitors may be more efficient and successful than we are. If we fail to compete successfully
 our operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.

The future success of our business depends upon our ability to meet regulatory requirements for the sale of our products. Increased enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any laws
 regulations
 or changes that may be adopted or implemented in the future
 could limit our ability to market our products.

Our success depends in part upon the continued service of our senior management personnel. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In recent years
 there has been significant litigation in the U.S. and elsewhere involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement
 misappropriation or other violations of patents
 copyrights
 trademarks
 trade secrets or other intellectual property rights. These risks have been amplified by an increase in the number of third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. We could incur substantial costs in prosecuting or defending any intellectual property litigation. Additionally
 the defense or prosecution of claims could be time-consuming and could divert our management's attention away from the execution of our business plan.




 any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from a claim could require us to pay substantial amounts or obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim
 or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain a license from the third patty asserting the claim on commercially reasonable terms
 that we would be able to develop alternative technology on a timely basis
 or that we would be able to obtain a license to use a suitable alternative technology to permit us to continue offering
 and our customers to continue using
 our affected products or technology. In addition
 we may be required to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims
 which would increase the cost to us. An adverse determination could also prevent us from offering our products or services to others. Infringement claims asserted with or without merit against us may have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a customer and a third party
 an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our technology in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. Moreover
 such infringement claims with or without merit may harm our relationships with our existing customers and may deter others from dealing with us.

Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. While we hold one issued patent and pending patent applications covering certain elements of our technology
 these patents
 and
 more generally
 existing patent laws
 may not provide adequate protection for portions of the technology that are important to our business. In addition
 our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents.

U.S. patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret laws offer us only limited protection and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent. Accordingly
 defense of our trademarks and proprietary technology may become an increasingly important issue as we seek to expand our product development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection than the U.S. Policing unauthorized use of our trademarks and technology is difficult and the steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of the trademarks or technology on which we rely. If competitors are able to use our trademarks or technology without recourse
 our ability to compete would be harmed and our business would be materially and adversely affected.


 the reduction or loss in intellectual property protection for our technology
 the diversion of our management's attention and harm to our reputation
 any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. If we do not pay cash dividends
 you could receive a return on your investment in our common stock only if the market price of our common stock has increased when you sell your shares.

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity securities. We have outstanding warrants and convertible debt that may result in substantially more outstanding shares
 which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.

We have not finished developing our products or sold any products. We have only begun test marketing. We cannot be assured that there is a sufficient market demand for our products. In addition
 while we are actively pursuing the relationships necessary to begin manufacturing and marketing the Wellness Tests
 we have not yet finalized agreements with potential business partners
 including third-party resellers
 labs or distributors of the Wellness Tests. Failure to secure these critical alliances on reasonable terms could negatively impact us
 our business and future plans.

We do not own or operate
 and currently do not plan to own or operate
 manufacturing facilities for production of tests or devices which are critical to the successful operation of the business. We plan to target manufacturers and to form alliances for the mass production of our products
 but we have no assurance that such alliances will be established. Furthermore
 once we enter into such relationships
 we may not have sufficient long-term agreements with any third-party manufacturers to ensure adequate supply and price controls. This may result in delays
 quality control issues
 additional expenses
 and failure to meet demand or other customer obligations or needs.

The success of our products is contingent upon one or more third parties manufacturing products according to design specifications. In practice
 this is difficult to enforce and guarantee. As a result
 we may never realize the expected efficiency
 quality or sensitivity of our products and
 as a result
 may be required to continue research and development with another manufacturer. If a joint venture partner or contractor fails to meet design specifications
 we will experience delays in commencing operations or delays in fulfilling orders in the future. Such delays could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.








 Michigan and 2
000 square feet in Keego Harbor
 Michigan on a month to month basis to serve as the headquarters of our company. The monthly rent is $4
500.







Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.




 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.







Year ended December 31
 2016









































Year ended December 31
 2017






































 2017 we had 145 shareholders of record.


 due to our need to retain all of our cash for operations. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.




 2017
 we issued 450
000 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 in connection with $1
000
000 of convertible debt financings in the first quarter.


 2017
 we issued 1
875
000 shares of common stock valued at $131
250 in connection with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm.


 2017
 we issued 1
285
714 shares of common stock valued at $90
000 in connection with $2
500
000 of convertible debt financings in the third quarter. 


 2017
 we issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $18
000 in connection with $500
000 of convertible debt financings in the fourth quarter.


 as amended (&#8220;the Act&#8221;) or Section 4(2) under the Act
 based on the following facts: in each case
 there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of investors
 each of whom was an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the &#8220;1933 Act&#8221;
 as amended) and/or was (either alone or with his/her purchaser representative) sophisticated about business and financial matters
 each such investor had the opportunity to ask questions of our management and to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and all shares issued were subject to restrictions on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchasers were not underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the 1933 Act.












 we have put in place a business model in which we would derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be derived from or are initially based on the algae cultures. We expect that these planned new products will likely be sold to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) a toll on bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers. Further
 we expect to license our bioactive molecules as lead compounds or templates for synthetic variants intended for therapeutic applications.


 we are developing
 with the intention to manufacture
 market
 and sell tests
 that we believe will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks. We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:

In phase one (&#8220;Phase One&#8221;) or
 alternately named Gen 1.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize a series of tests
 which are intended to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#8220;Phase One Test&#8221;). The Phase One Test is being designed to measure biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 and antioxidant status to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and from which metabolic syndrome can be inferred.&nbsp;

In phase two (&#8220;Phase Two&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 1.5
 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology focused on the positive or negative metabolic effects of metabolizing fat and muscle efficiency due to changes in diet
 exertion
 hydration and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems.&nbsp;

In phase three (&#8220;Phase Three&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 2.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize additional tests intended to provide a more complete metabolic profile for an individual utilizing the metabolites present in urine. The Company believes the Gen 2.0 tests
 in aggregate
 will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time. This technology can also be applied to livestock and companion animals. As capital funding becomes available
 the Company will move forward with product development.&nbsp;


 diabetes
 autoimmune diseases and cancer. The Wellness Tests are intended to identify pre-conditions to such illnesses. Such identification may allow for early intervention and reduce incidence of such illnesses or forestall their onset. This is critically important to large employers
 insurers and governmental agencies who are payers for health claims and are facing massive increases in premiums or cash outlays.


 report
 record and manage wellness and health data for large groups such as large employers
 pension funds
 accountable care organizations
 state Medicaid agencies and their actuarial consultants
 underwriters
 re-insurers and wellness consultants. The software also contains tools to conduct meta-analysis of baseline health benchmarks and monitor the progress of pre-clinical intervention programs within large groups.


 we have been incurring significant operating losses and negative cash flow. We experienced only nominal sales of our algal product
 which was pulled from the market in January of 2012
 and have relied primarily on the sale of company securities and shareholder loans to fund operations. We are also experiencing an ongoing and substantial working capital deficiency. We have had difficulty raising capital from third parties. During 2017
 we successfully raised capital to fund operations and research for 2017 and into the beginning of 2018. If we are unable to obtain additional funding in the near term
 we may be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case you would likely suffer a total loss of your investment in our company. 

Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




 2017 and 2016.




 2017 and 2016. As noted above
 we ceased all sales activities as of January 2012.




 2017 and 2016. As noted above
 we ceased all sales activities as of January 2012.




296
000 to $2
128
000 in 2017 compared to $832
000 in 2017. General and administrative expenses increased in the following areas: an increase in salaries of $1
229
000
 of which is $1
220
000 is due to an award of 10 million warrants to the CEO and 6 million to the CFO (a non-cash expense) and $9
000 is due to the hiring of the Vice President - Operations
 an increase of $61
000 web-site development and public relations
 an increase of $13
000 in insurance expense and an increase of $9
000 of office expenses
 offset by a reduction of depreciation of $7
000 (a non-cash expense)
 a reduction of $4
000 in travel expenses and a decrease in WellMetris operating expenses of $4
000. Our increase in general and administrative expenses was due to increased activity.




000 to $1
821
000 in 2017 compared to $1
869
000 in 2016. Professional fees and consulting expense decreased in 2017 due to the following: an increase in Board of Director Fees of $97
000 (of the total expense of $207
000 in 2017 related to these activities
 $167
000 was a non-cash expense in the form of warrants issued for services rendered)
 an increase in accounting fees of $24
000 an increase in legal fees of $8
000
 offset by a decrease of $177
000 in the use of an investment banking firm
 an investor relations firm and the use of financial consultants (of the total expense of $1
208
000 in 2017 related to these activities
 $1
087
000 was a non-cash expense in the forms of stock and warrants issued for services rendered).




592
000 to $2
381
000 in 2017 compared to $789
000 in 2016 for the comparable period. 


 approximately $2
294
000 and $529
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 are costs associated with external research relating to Zivo. Subject to the availability of funding
 our research and development costs will grow as we work to complete the research in the development of natural bioactive compounds for use as dietary supplements and food ingredients
 as well as biologics for medicinal and pharmaceutical applications in humans and animals. The Company&#8217;s scientific efforts are focused on the metabolic aspects of oxidation and inflammation
 with a parallel program to validate and license products for healthy immune response. The increase of $1
765
000 from the prior period is due to the prioritization of Zivo research and the greater availability of cash. We expect external research and development to increase in 2018 as we pursue additional external trials
 subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 which we do not currently have.


 LLC subsidiary
 we incurred approximately $87
000 and $260
000 in research and development expenses for the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The R&amp;D effort to date has centered on optimizing dry chemistry
 developing lower-cost alternatives for the proprietary analyzer device
 negotiating and collaborating with offshore manufacturers and assembling the FDA pre-submission package for product classification and approval. The reduction of $173
000 from the prior period is due to prioritization of Zivo research.




 2017
 we recorded approximately $406
000 relating to &#8220;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&#8221; relating to the March 1
 2017 restructuring of the Loan Agreements with HEP Investments
 LLC
 which represented the remaining unamortized discount as of March 1
 2017.


 2017 was $7
000 for the year ended December 31
 2017. This amount represented a settlement of accounts payable from a vendor dispute.


 2017
 we recorded approximately $575
000 relating to amortization of bond discount as compared to $1
376
000 for the year ended December 31
 2016
 an $801
000 decrease. The decrease is due to the March 1
 2017 restructuring of the Loan Agreements with HEP Investments
 LLC. The discounts are amortized on a straight-line basis through September 30
 2018. 


 2017
 we recorded approximately $690
000 in amortization of deferred finance costs as compared to $27
000 in 2016. The increase of $663
000 is due primarily to additional funding received in 2017 which incurred finance costs of approximately $4
275
000 which are amortized on a straight-line basis through September 30
 2018. 

During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded approximately $216
000 in finance costs as compared to $108
000 in 2016. The increase of $108
000 was due to an increase in convertible debt funding in 2017 as compared with 2016.


 2017
 we recorded approximately $144
000 in finance costs paid in stock and warrants as compared to $72
000 in 2016. The increase of $72
000 was due to an increase in convertible debt funding in 2017 as compared to 2016.


 2017
 we recorded approximately $1
684
000 in interest expense as compared to $986
000 in 2016. The increase of $698
000 is due to the increased indebtedness carried by the Company incurred in 2017 as compared to 2016.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the reasons discussed herein
 there is a significant risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 you would likely suffer a total loss of your investment in our company.


 2018
 we had cash in the bank of $106
000. We have incurred significant net losses since inception
 including a net loss of approximately $10
038
000 during the year ended December 31
 2017. We have
 since inception
 consistently incurred negative cash flow from operations. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we incurred negative cash flows from operations of approximately $4
243
000. As of December 31
 2017
 we had a working capital deficiency of $4
228
525 and a stockholders&#8217; deficiency of $16
304
492. Although we recently raised a limited amount of capital
 we have a near term need for significant additional capital.


 2017
 our operating activities used approximately $4
243
000 in cash
 compared with $2
543
000 in cash during the comparable prior period. The approximate $1
700
000 increase in cash used by our operating activities was due primarily to the following (all of which are approximated): a $3
979
000 increase in net loss
 an increase of $1
314
000 in stock and warrants issued for services rendered (a non-cash expense item)
 a $663
000 increase in amortization of deferred financing costs (a non-cash expense item)
 a $406
000 increase in loss on extinguishment of debt
 a $323
000 change (decrease) in accounts payable
 a $49
000 change in due to related party (decrease)
 a $332
000 decrease in accrued liabilities
 offset by a $808
000 decrease in amortization and depreciation (a non-cash expense item)
 and a $1
000 change (increase) in prepaid expenses.


 2017 and 2016
 there were no investing activities.


 2017 and 2016
 our financing activities generated $4
053
000 and $3
034
000 in cash
 respectively. The difference of $1
019
000 was primarily related to a net increase of proceeds of $750
000 from issuance of convertible debentures (with loans payable converted into convertible debentures)
 an increase of $239
000 in net loans from related parties and a decrease in deferred finance costs of $30
000.


 we entered into an agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (&#8220;Lender&#8221;) under which Lender agreed to purchase convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2
000
000. Through March 2017
 we amended this agreement to provide for funding up to $17
500
000. As of the date of this filing
 Lender had advanced a total of approximately $16.7 million pursuant to this arrangement. Lender&#8217;s convertible notes are secured by all our assets.


 we continue to experience a shortage of capital
 which is materially and adversely affecting our ability to run our business. As noted above
 we have been largely dependent upon external sources for funding. We have in the past had difficulty in raising capital from external sources. We are still heavily reliant upon external financing for the continuation of our research and development program.


000
000 in cash over the next 12 months in order to fund our normal operations and to fund our research and development initiatives. Based on this cash requirement
 we have a near term need for additional funding. Historically
 we have had substantial difficulty raising funds from external sources; however
 we recently were able to raise a limited amount of capital from outside sources. If we are unable to raise the required capital
 we will be forced to curtail our business operations
 including our research and development activities. 




 anticipated income streams are to be generated from the following:




 isolated natural compounds and synthetic variants thereof
 








 the primary selling season is November through April of any given year.


















 the Reports thereon
 and the Notes thereto
 commencing on page F-1 of this report
 which Consolidated Financial Statements
 Reports
 Notes and data are incorporated herein by reference.







 Based on their evaluation as of December 31
 2017
 our Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and instructions for Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.&nbsp;

 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017. In making this assessment
. Based on our assessment of those criteria
 management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017.&nbsp;



This Management&#8217;s report is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 unless we specifically state in a future filing that such report is to be considered filed.

 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the year ended December 31
 2016 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;







Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.








 directors and employees. We will upon request and without charge provide a copy of our Code of Ethics. Requests should be directed to Principal Accounting Officer
 Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320.









Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.




















 or hereby incorporated by reference into
 this Form 10-K.




 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC.






Date: February 21
 2018









 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



 


 President

 2018




 

 Director

 2018






 2018



 


 2018



 


 2018



 


 2018





ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &quot;Company&quot;) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders' deficiency
 and cash flows
 for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &quot;consolidated financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the Company has incurred significant operating losses for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 and
 as of December 31
 2017
 has a significant working capital and stockholders&#8217; deficiency. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/ Wolinetz
 Lafazan &amp; Company
 P.C.
WOLINETZ
 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.&nbsp;




 NY

 2018

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES











December 31



December 31

















506
986

317
135



13
437

15
143



520
423

332
278



 NET

18
750















Deferred Finance Costs
 net

198
119

3
877
801









737
292

4
210
079






















666
365

541
710



319
234

475
834

Loans Payable
 Related Parties

245
979

394
019

Convertible Debentures Payable
 less discount of $500
490 and $-0- at

 2016 and 2017
 respectively

6
886
710

1
490
000



2
659
574

1
649
240



404
618

10
000



11
182
480

4
560
803








Convertible Debenture Payable

953 and $458
072 at 

 2016 and 2017
 respectively

3
176
047

15
953
768



3
176
047

15
953
768



14
358
527

20
514
571















Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 136
745
347 and

106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2017
 


136
745

141
107



40
016
059

47
366
814



(53
774
039)

(63
812
413)



(13
621
235)

(16
304
492)









737
292

4
210
079











ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



















December 31



December 31





























832
239

2
127
979



1
869
234

1
820
985



788
971

2
381
222



3
490
444

6
330
186









(3
490
444)

(6
330
186)

















(406
482)





7
394



(1
376
182)

(574
716)



(26
813)

(690
079)



(108
000)

(216
000)



(72
000)

(144
000)



(950
698)

(1
544
405)



(35
490)

(139
900)









(2
569
183)

(3
708
188)









(6
059
627)

10
038
374)

















133
844
254

139
243
126
















ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1
 2016 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2017

















































Balance
 January 1
 2016
132
156
776

132
157

38
085
266

(47
714
412)

(9
496
989)

















69
712



69
712






1
116
444



1
116
444






15
601



15
601


3
500
000

3
500

171
500



175
000






106
693



106
693






99
931



99
931


1
088
571

1
088

70
912



72
000






280
000



280
000








(6
059
627)

(6
059
627)












Balance
 December 31
 2016
136
745
347

136
745

40
016
059

(53
774
039)

(13
621
235)

















166
668



166
668






1
086
120



1
086
120






1
234
991



1
234
991


1
875
000

1
875

129
375



131
250


250
000



22
250



22
500


300
000



29
700



30
000






264
826



264
826






4
274
761



4
274
761


1
935
714

1
937

142
064



144
001








(10
038
374)

(10
038
374)












Balance
 December 31
 2017
141
106
061

141
107

47
366
814

(63
812
413)

(16
304
492)


























ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



















December 31



December 31











(6
059
627)

(10
038
374)









1
291
444

1
217
369



15
601

1
234
992



69
713

166
668





406
482



72
000

144
000



26
813

690
079



1
376
181

574 
716



25
000

18
750









(1
096)

(1
705)



(448
061)

(124
656)



108
001

156
600



980
558

1
312
188



(2
543
473)

(4
242
891)





















Proceeds from (payments of) loans payable
 related parties

(91
130)

148
040



(125
000)

(95
000)



3
250
000

4
000
000



3
033
870

4
053
040




490
397

(189
851)



16
589

506
986









506
986

317
135































ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




For the Year Ended December 31
 2017:


 2017
 the Company recorded $70
388 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2017
 the Company recorded a $600
000 debt discount for a restructuring fee related to the debt extinguishment.


 2017
 the Company reclassified $2
694
639 in Accrued Interest to 11% Convertible Debentures owed to a related party.


 2017
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of its common stock valued at $22
500 for settlement of litigation (see Note 12 &#8211; Settlement of Litigation &#8211; Related Party).


 2017
 the Company recorded $155
065 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2017
 a related party
 11% Noteholder converted $30
000 of convertible debt into 300
000 shares of the Company's common stock


 2017
 the Company recorded $39
373 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2016:


 2016
 the Company recorded $49
630 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2016
 the Company recorded $17
439 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2016
 the Company recorded $24
218 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures
 and issued 900
000 common stock warrants
 valued at $50
371 as Deferred Finance Costs. These warrants are exercisable at $.10 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance.


 2016
 the Company recorded $15
407 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures
 and the Company issued 975
000 common stock warrants
 valued at $49
560 as Deferred Finance Costs. These warrants are exercisable at $.10 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. In addition
 the Company reduced its 11% Convertible Debt
 due to a related party by $280
000 to offset an award received in settlement of litigation against the related party.



ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company's focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks.






038
374 and $6
059
627 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $4
228
525 and a stockholders&#8217; deficiency of $16
304
492 at December 31
 2017. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.


 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&#8217;s existing stockholders.




 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.


 2017
 the Company received proceeds of $4
000
000 from the issuance of 11% convertible debt.






 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.




 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. 




 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2017
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. 




079 and $26
813 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.




 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
 when we recognize revenue as a reduction to both accounts receivable and net revenue.




 2017 and 2016 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.




 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
381
222 and $788
971 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. 






 2017 and 2016 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards is subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#8220;change in ownership&#8221; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.


 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &#8211; Income Taxes).

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#8217;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.


 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $2
487
779 and $1
201
758 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 respectively.




Year Ended December 31






























 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#8217;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#8217;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.




 2017
 consisted of 196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2017 and 2016
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.








000 at times during the year.





ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#8220;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#8221; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. Historically the Company has had no revenues. The Company has not determined the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09.

&#8220;Accounting for Leases(Topic 842)



 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.




 2017 and 2016 consist of the following:



December 31



December 31











20
000

20
000



80
000

80
000









100
000

100
000



(100
000)

(81
250)











18
750




750 and $25
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




 2017 and 2016
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 a noteholder and significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $475
834 and $319
234
 respectively. The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $216
000 and $108
000
 respectively.

NOTE 6 &#8211; LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES




 2017 and 2016
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $176
405 and $176
405
 respectively. The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $25
966 and $20
396
 respectively.

HEP Investments
 LLC


 as of January 1
 2016
 the Company owed HEP Investments $178
702. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 HEP Investments loaned the Company an additional $1
890
872. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $69
574 as of December 31
 2016.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


NOTE 6 &#8211;&nbsp;LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES (continued)

HEP Investments
 LLC (continued)


 2017
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $4
148
040 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of our agreement with HEP Investments
 $4
000
000 of these loans were converted to 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $217
614 as of December 31
 2017.



HEP Investments
 LLC &#8211; Related Party


 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#8220;Lender&#8221;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through March 1
 2017: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $17
500
000 (&#8220;Note&#8221;) (of which $16
441
839 has been advanced as of December 31
 2017)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision) which expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
. and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. In addition
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#8217;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#8217;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.


 2016
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to the $2
000
000 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $106
693
 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $1
376
182 for the years ended December 31
 2016. The $2
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. As discussed in Note 12 &#8211; Settlement of Litigation &#8211; Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt by $280
000 (at $.12 per share) relating to a settlement with the Company.


 2017
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents: (i) an Eighth Amendment to the Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on January 7
 2016. The Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. As consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to change the conversion price of the $12
441
839 Convertible Promissory Note from conversion prices ranging from $.10 to $.30 per share to $.10 per share. The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 was $12
441
839. The amount includes unpaid principal of $9
147
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
694
639 and restructuring and legal fees of $600
000. The Company recorded a debt discount of $600
000 related to the restructuring of the $12
441
839
 11% convertible note on March 1
 2017. The stated rate of the new debt was unchanged from the previous debt agreement and the estimated fair value of the new debt approximates its carrying amount (principal plus accrued interest at the date of the modification). In accordance with FASB ASC 470-60 &#8220;Debt-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors
&#8221; the Company recorded a &#8220;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&#8221; on March 1
 2017 of $406
482 which represented the remaining unamortized discount as of March 1
 2017.


 consisting of 5.4% in cash and 3.6% paid in shares of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




HEP Investments
 LLC &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party (continued)


 2017 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has not made any interest payments. The Company has received an extension of 3 months to pay the interest expense
 to March 31
 2018.


 2017
 as a result of the settlement of litigation with a shareholder
 HEP Investments agreed to reduce the principal due to the Lender by $280
000 (see Note 12).


 2017
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt into 300
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (at $.10 per share). 


 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of two years on the basis of $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). This warrant is in addition to 10% warrant coverage (five-year term) provided to Lender in connection with investments in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. The warrant was issued on November 20
 2017 as the related funding was complete. The warrant has a cashless exercise provision. 


 2017 (&#8220;Funding Agreement&#8221;) between Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP (&#8220;Participant&#8221;)
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million (&quot;the committed funding&quot;)
 through the Lender&#8217;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &#8220;Right of First Refusal&#8221; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&#8220;Right of Participation&#8221;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender that upon the funding of the Participant&#8217;s $1.5 million by November 20
 2017
 the Lender would allocate a portion (50%) of the warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at a conversion price of $.10 issued to the Participant on the $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note as discussed above. On July 24
 2017 the Lender funded $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion `price of $.10 for a term of five years. On September 25
 2017 the Lender funded an additional $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion price of $.10 for a term of five years.


 2017 the Company
 Lender and Participant entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (&#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;). The Company and Lender are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement
 dated December 1
 2011 (&#8220;Original Agreement&#8221;) (filed as Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company&#8217;s 2011 Form 10-K filed on March 30
 2012). In the Funding Agreement (dated July 21
 2017) between Lender and Participant
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million through the Lender&#8217;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). 


 2017
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $4
000
000 of Notes in the amount of $264
826 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &quot;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#8211; Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&quot; as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $264
826 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.08 to 176.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 2.09%. The $4
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $574
716 for the year ended December 31
 2017.


411
839 convertible debt as of December 31
 2017
 the total shares of common stock to be issued would be 177
380
045 shares
 not including the related accrued and any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt


 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). This agreement provides that Paulson can provide up to $2 million in financings through &#8220;accredited investors&#8221; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#8220;New Lenders&#8221;). Each loan includes a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#8220;New Lenders Notes&#8221;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
basis. The loans have a two-year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson receives a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $.10 per share.






 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30-day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#8220;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#8221;









December 31



December 31









1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2018

240
000

240
000







11% Convertible note payable &#8211; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $458
072 and $574
443
 respectively
 due September 30
 2018 (See Note 13 - Subsequent Events)

15
953
768

8
572
757



 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2018

1
250
000

1
250
000



17
443
768

10
062
757



1
490
000

6
886
710









15
953
768

3
176
047




716 and $1
376
182 for the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.






 2017
 the shareholders of the Company voted for Approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 450
000
000 shares to 700
000
000 shares. The Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation have been filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 the Company granted warrants to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock to Robert O. Rondeau
 a new Director
 in March 2016
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $10
588 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 168.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.97%. In addition
 Mr. Rondeau will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.


 2016
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $59
125 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 171.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


 2017
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.07 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $166
668 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.71%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


668 and $109
713 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 representing the cash fees and the value of the vested warrants described above.




 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 14
500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $1
095
063 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.07%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.89%. On September 19
 2016
 the Company issued 3
500
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $175
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On November 17
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $21
381 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.41%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.04%.


 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $33
148 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.87%. 


 2017
 the Company entered into a Limited License Agreement (&#8220;License Agreement&#8221;) with NutriQuest
 LLC (&quot;NutriQuest&quot;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company issued NutriQuest warrants to purchase 687
227 shares of common stock valued at $45
662 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.75%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.78%. The warrants are exercisable at $.08 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. The License Agreement provides that the Company is obligated to pay a termination fee to NutriQuest if the parties are unable to agree upon quality and volume delivered standards.


 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 16
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.06 to $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $923
430 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61% to 175.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 1.79%. Also
 in the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an at an exercise price of $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a research consultant. The warrants were valued at $16
667 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63%. 

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 2017
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 50
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2.5 million through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Also
 in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 600
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $57
212 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.11%.




 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $8
018 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 158.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. 


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $750
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 337
500 shares of common stock valued at $27
000 and a warrant to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $44
371 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 167.7%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.85%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. 


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $18
746 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. 


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $11
523 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.75%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. 


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 150
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $13
939 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. 


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
419 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.2%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.


 2017
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $22
500 as discussed in Note 12 - Settlement of Litigation &#8211; Related Party.


 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 450
000 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $75
718 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.97%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.


 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
546 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.0%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.87%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 514
286 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $66
181 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.0%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.83%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.


 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
506 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.6%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.


 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 514
286 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $66
086 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.0%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.85%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.


 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $500
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $18
000 and a warrant to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $42
739 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.2%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.




 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest. 


 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
771 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 169.28%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. 


 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
777 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.23%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.76%. 


 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.07. The warrants were valued at $3
307 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.71%. 


 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. The warrants were valued at $4
745 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.00%. 


 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
317 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. 


 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
283 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.74%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. 


 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.06. The warrants were valued at $2
863 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.74%. 

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
290 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.98%.


 2017
 the board of directors granted to Andrew Dahl
 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $762
649 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%. 


 2017
 the board of directors granted to Philip Rice
 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $457
589 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%.







December 31
 2017

December 31
 2016























Outstanding
 beginning of year

32
071
901



14
705
818





88
737
227



20
350
000

























(1
507
374)



(2
983
917)













Outstanding
 end of period

119
301
754



32
071
901






 2017 were as follows:





























































1
250
000





1
250
000






16
050
000





16
050
000






3
000
000





3
000
000






18
625
000





18
625
000






809
110





809
110






60
527
200





60
527
200






50
000





50
000






50
000





50
000






1
376
941





1
376
941






50
000





50
000






50
000





50
000






269
276





269
276






707
000





707
000






250
000





250
000






250
000





250
000



















119
301
754





119
301
754





ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011 as amended August 11
 2016. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one-year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#8217; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. Mr. Dahl is compensated as follows: he receives an annual base salary of $240
000. In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#8217;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#8217;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. Further
 as it relates to Company&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetris
 LLC (&#8220;WellMetris&#8221;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetris for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetris to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetris at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetris. Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetris. As of December 31
 2017
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination.

Investment Banking
 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement


 2017 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm (&quot;Firm&quot;). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 if the Company did not terminate the engagement prior to April 18
 2017
 it was required to issue 1
875
000 shares of its common stock. As of April 18
 2017
 the Company had not terminated the agreement and therefore became obligated to issue the aforementioned shares. The Company recorded the expense in Professional Fees and Consulting Expenses in the amount of $131
250 on its Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2017. In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be required to be obligated to pay an 8% M&amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) payable in shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (reduced by the value of the previously issued shares).




 2017
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2017 the Change in Control Agreements (the &#8220;Agreements&#8221;) with both of its executive officers. The Agreements with each of the executive officers provide that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&#8217;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior to the Change of Control or the 24 month period following the Change of Control
 then 100% of such participant&#8217;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2017
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
 the obligations of the Agreements will remain in effect until they are satisfied or have expired. (See Note 13 &#8211; Subsequent Events)




 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.




 which covers on the job injury.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES























 2017 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $44
981
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2017 through 2037. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.


 2017 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $12
145
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. 


748
000 from $15
893
000 as of December 31
 2016 to $12
145
000 as of December 31
 2017. The net decrease consisted of an increase in the asset of $2
099
000 as a result of additional Net Operating Losses of $4
589
000 during the current year
 offset by a decrease of $5
847
000 resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#8220;TCJ Act&#8221;) in the fourth quarter of 2017. One of the provisions of the TCJ Act was to decrease the maximum U.S. Corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. As a result of this new law the Company will now be calculating its Deferred Tax Assets using a rate of 27% versus 40% in prior years.




 2015
 a shareholder of the Company (&#8220;Shareholder&#8221;) brought action against HEP Investment alleging certain technical violations of Section 16(b) of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended. On March 3
 2017
 without admitting any liability whatsoever
 HEP Investment settled with the Shareholder by agreeing to reduce the Company&#8217;s debt owed to HEP Investment by $280
000. Related to this debt reduction
 the Company paid to the Shareholder&#8217;s legal counsel $60
000 and 250
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock valued at $22
500. The Company considered the settlement to be a Type 1 subsequent event and recorded legal fees of $82
500 on the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016 and recorded the settlement amount of $280
000 as a reduction of convertible debt owed to HEP Investments and an increase to Additional Paid-In Capital on its Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2016.



LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES

Loan Payable
 Related Parties 


 2018 to February 15
 2018
 Mr. Maggiore advance the Company an additional $60
000
 for a total advanced of $302
602. 

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


CONVERTIBLE DEBT: HEP Investments
 LLC




 2018
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC (&#8220;Lender&#8221;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of January 31
 2018: (i) Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on March 1
 2017 and disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on March 6
 2017. The Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note extends the maturity date for all convertible debt due to HEP Investments to April 1
 2019
 including the payment of any interest due and owing at that time. The total outstanding debt as of January 31
 2018 is $16
411
839
 and the related amount of unpaid interest is $1
476
607.


 2019 in accordance with the Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 3
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. 


 as a result of the January 31
 2018 amendment to the Loan Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company has reclassified all outstanding indebtedness to HEP Investments
 LLC as non-current on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2017. 

Based on the above
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $16
411
839 convertible debt
 would be 164
118
392 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.




 consisting of 5.4% in cash and 3.6% paid in shares of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price. 




 &#8220;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#8221; 

11% Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
 LLC


 2018
 HEP Investments LLC (&#8220;Lender&#8221;) funded an additional of $203
000. Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $250
000
 11% convertible note and warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years. The terms of the debt are in described in Note 7 - Convertible Debt.






 2018
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2018 the Change in Control Agreements (the &#8220;Agreements&#8221;) with both of its executive officers. The Agreements with each of the executive officers provide that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&#8217;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior to the Change of Control or the 24 month period following the Change of Control
 then 100% of such participant&#8217;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2018
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
 the obligations of the Agreements will remain in effect until they are satisfied or have expired.













Articles of Incorporation of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 as amended



Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company
 dated July 24
 2012



Amended Articles of Incorporation dated October 16
 2014 for name change



Certificate to Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Incorporation dated November 14
 2016 







Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



IP Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note and the First Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 15
 2013



Second Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 16
 2013



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 17
 2014



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Fourth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Sixth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Seventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Andrew Dahl
 the Registrant&#8217;s CEO



Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated April 21
 2017



Limited License Agreement with NutriQuest dated April 20
 2017



Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (Lender) and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP dated October 18
 2017



Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated January 31
 2018



Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated January 31
 2018



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated February 9
 2018











Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended



Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended














 2015 and incorporated herein by this reference.

 2013 and incorporated by this reference.

 2014 and incorporated by this reference.

 2016 and incorporated by this reference.

 2010 and incorporated by this reference.

 2012 and incorporated by this reference.

 2012 and incorporated by this reference.

 2012 and incorporated by this reference.

 2012 and incorporated by this reference.

 2012 and incorporated by this reference.

 2012 and incorporated by this reference.

 2013 and incorporated by this reference.

 2014 and incorporated by this reference.

 2014 and incorporated by this reference.

 2014 and incorporated by this reference.

 2014 and incorporated by this reference.

 2014 and incorporated by this reference.

 2014 and incorporated by this reference.

 2015 and incorporated by this reference.

 2015 and incorporated by this reference.

 2016 and incorporated by this reference.

 2016 and incorporated by this reference.

 2016 and incorporated by this reference.

 2016 and incorporated by this reference.

 2016 and incorporated by this reference.

 2017 and incorporated by this reference.

 2017 and incorporated by this reference.

 2017 and incorporated by this reference.

 2017 and incorporated by this reference.

 2017 and incorporated by this reference.

 2018 and incorporated by this reference.

 2018 and incorporated by this reference.













 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.





























&#8221;)
 day of February 2018
 by and between Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. (the &#8220;


 the Employee serves as an employee of the Company; and 


 the Company desires to establish certain protections for the Employee in the event of the Employee&#8217;s termination of employment under the circumstances described herein. 


 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and promises contained herein
 and intending to be bound hereby
 the parties agree as follows: 



&#8221; means
 as of any given date
 the annual base rate of salary payable to the Employee by the Company

 however

 &#8220;Base Salary&#8221; will mean the annual base rate of salary payable to the Employee by the Company
 as in effect immediately prior to the reduction giving rise to the Good Reason. 



&#8221; means (i) Employee&#8217;s conviction of a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude (but not automobile related matters); (ii) Employee&#8217;s commission of any act or omission involving dishonesty
 fraud
 embezzlement
 theft
 substance abuse or sexual misconduct with respect to the Company
 any subsidiary of the Company or any of their respective employees
 vendors
 suppliers or customers
 the specific nature of which shall be set forth in a written notice by the Company to Employee; (iii) Employee&#8217;s substantial and continued neglect of or failure to perform his duties
 or failure to follow a &#8220;reasonable directive of the Board
&#8221; which after written notice from the Board of such neglect or failure
 has not been cured within ten (10) days after he receives such notice. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;reasonable directive of the Board
&#8221; shall mean a directive that is applied equitably among the management employees of the Company; (iv) Employee&#8217;s gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of his duties; or (v)Employee&#8217;s misappropriation of funds or assets of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company.

&#8221; means the happening of an event
 which shall be deemed to have occurred upon the earliest to occur of the following events: 






 other than
 in either case
 a merger or consolidation of the Company in which holders of shares of the Company&#8217;s voting capital stock immediately prior to the merger or consolidation will have more than 50% of the ownership of voting capital stock of the surviving corporation immediately after the merger or consolidation (on a fully diluted basis)
 which voting capital stock is to be held in the same proportion (on a fully diluted basis) as such holders ownership of voting capital stock of the Company immediately before the merger or consolidation; 

d. the date any entity
 Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act)
 other than (i) the Company
 or (ii) any of its Subsidiaries
 or (iii) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
 or (iv) any Affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) of any of the foregoing
 shall have acquired beneficial ownership of
 or shall have acquired voting control over
 50% or more of the outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s voting capital stock (on a fully diluted basis)
 unless the transaction pursuant to which such Person
 entity or group acquired such beneficial ownership or control resulted from the original issuance by the Company of shares of its voting capital stock and was approved by at least a majority of Directors who were either members of the Board on the date that this Plan was originally adopted by the Board or members of the Board for at least twelve (12) months before the date of such approval; or 


 unless the nomination for election of each new Director who was not a Director at the beginning of such twelve (12) month period was approved by a vote of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Directors then still in office who were Directors at the beginning of such period. 


 the Committee may provide for a different definition of a Change of Control in an Award Agreement if such Award is subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A and the Award will become payable on a Change of Control.

&#8221; means Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. 

&#8221; means a condition entitling the Employee to benefits under the Company&#8217;s long term disability plan

 however
 that if no such plan
 policy or arrangement is then maintained by the Company and applicable to the Employee
 &#8220;Disability&#8221; will mean the Employee&#8217;s inability
 by reason of any physical or mental impairment
 to substantially perform the Employee&#8217;s regular duties to the Company
 as determined by the Board in its sole discretion (after affording the Employee the opportunity to present the Employee&#8217;s case)
 which inability is reasonably contemplated to continue for at least one year from its commencement and at least ninety (90) days from the date of such determination. 

&#8221; means
 without the Employee&#8217;s prior written consent
 any of the following: 


 duties
 titles or responsibilities; 








 the foregoing events or conditions will constitute Good Reason only if (A) such event or condition occurs during the period beginning ninety (90) days immediately preceding a Change of Control and ending twenty-four (24) months thereafter and (B) the Employee provides the Company with written objection to the event or condition within sixty (60) days following the occurrence thereof
 the Company does not reverse or otherwise cure the event or condition within thirty (30) days of receiving that written objection and the Employee resigns the Employee&#8217;s employment within ninety (90) days following the expiration of that cure period. 



&#8221; means
 with respect to any year
 100% of the target amount of the Employee&#8217;s annual bonus opportunity
 expressed as a percentage of Base Salary
 that would be payable to the Employee with respect to that year
 whether under an employment or incentive agreement
 under any bonus plan or policy of the Company or otherwise
 assuming that all applicable performance goals are met and conditions to the payment of such bonus are satisfied. 





&#8221; means if the fair market value of one Warrant Share is greater than the Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below)
 in lieu of exercising this Warrant by payment of cash
 the Holder may elect to receive shares equal to the value (as determined below) of this Warrant (or the portion thereof being canceled) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company together with the properly endorsed Notice of Exercise in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder a number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula:







the number of Warrant Shares purchasable under the Warrant or
 if only a portion of the Warrant is being exercised
 that portion of the Warrant being canceled (at the date of such calculation)&nbsp;







. If the Employee&#8217;s employment with the Company ceases within the twenty-four (24) month period following the date of a Change of Control as a result of a termination by the Company without Cause
 a resignation by the Employee for Good Reason or due to the Employee&#8217;s death or Disability
 then
 subject to Section 3 and Section 5
 the Employee will be entitled to the following: 


 with any such amounts paid on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the effective date of termination; (ii) any bonus payable with respect to any fiscal year which ended prior to the effective date of the Employee&#8217;s termination of employment
 which remains unpaid
 with such amount paid in the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the effective date of termination or
 if later
 at the same time the bonus would have otherwise been payable to the Employee; and (iii) any reimbursement or payment due to the Employee on or prior to the date of such termination which remains unpaid to the Employee
 with any such payment being made promptly following the effective date of termination (collectively
 the &#8220;






 and timely elects
 COBRA continuation coverage
 for a period of eighteen (18) months commencing from the date of the Employee&#8217;s termination of employment
 the Company will reimburse the Employee for the monthly COBRA cost of continued coverage for the Employee
 and
 where applicable
 his spouse and eligible dependents
 paid by the Employee under the Company&#8217;s group health plan pursuant to section 4980B of the Code
 less the amount that the Employee would be required to contribute for such coverage if the Employee were an active employee of the Company. These payments will commence within 30 days following the termination date and will be paid on the first payroll date of each month. 


 with terms as specified in the Warrant
 but in no case longer than five (5) years. All such Warrants shall also be deemed to be treated as &#8220;cashless warrants&#8221; 

. If the Employee&#8217;s employment with the Company ceases during the ninety (90) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of Control as a result of a termination by the Company without Cause
 a resignation by the Employee for Good Reason or due to the Employee&#8217;s death or Disability
 then
 subject to Section 3 and Section 5
 the Employee will be entitled to the following: 








 and timely elects
 COBRA continuation coverage
 for a period of eighteen (18) months commencing from the date of the Employee&#8217;s termination of employment
 the Company will reimburse the Employee for the cost of the applicable monthly COBRA premium for the Employee
 and
 where applicable
 his spouse and eligible dependents
 paid by the Employee under the Company&#8217;s group health plan pursuant to section 4980B of the Code
 less the amount that the Employee would be required to contribute for such coverage if the Employee were an active employee of the Company. These payments will commence within thirty (30) days following the termination date and will be paid on the first payroll date of each month. If applicable
that if the Employee or the Employee&#8217;s spouse or eligible dependents
 as applicable
 have not elected (and is no longer eligible to elect) COBRA continuation coverage
 no waiver or reimbursement will be made pursuant to this Section 2.2.3. 


 if the Company&#8217;s obligation to make the payments provided for in Sections 2.1.2
 2.1.3 or Section 2.2.2 and 2.2.3 arises due to the Employee&#8217;s death or Disability
 the cash payments described in Sections 2.1.2
 2.1.3
 2.2.2 and 2.2.3 will be reduced by the amount of benefits paid or payable to the Employee (or the Employee&#8217;s representative(s)
 heirs
 estate or beneficiaries) pursuant to the life insurance or disability plans
 policies or arrangements of the Company by virtue of the Employee&#8217;s death or Disability (including
 for this purpose
 only that portion of such life insurance or disability benefits funded solely by the Company or by premium payments made by the Company and not including the portion of such benefits paid for by the Employee). The payments and benefits described in this Section are in lieu of (and not in addition to) any other severance plan
 fund
 agreement or other arrangement maintained by the Company. 




 the payments and benefits described in Section 2 (other than any Accrued Obligations) are conditioned on the Employee&#8217;s execution and delivery to the Company of the Release in a manner consistent with applicable law. The amounts described in Sections 2.1.2
 2.1.3 or Section 2.2.2 and 2.2.3 (as applicable) will be paid in a lump sum
 within sixty (60) days following execution and nonrevocation of the Release. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 in no event shall the timing of the Employee&#8217;s execution of the Release
 directly or indirectly
 result in the Employee designating the calendar year of payment
 and if a payment that is subject to execution of the Release could be made in more than one taxable year
 payment shall be made in the later taxable year. 




 either alone or in conjunction with any other payments or benefits made available to the Employee by the Company and its affiliates
provided
 however
 that if the Total After-Tax Payments (as defined below) would be increased by limitation or elimination of payments or benefits provided under Section 2
 then the amounts and benefits payable under Section 2 will be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to maximize the Total After-Tax Payments. For purposes of this Section 4
&#8221; means the total of all &#8220;parachute payments&#8221; (as that term is defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) made to or for the benefit of the Employee (whether made under this Agreement or otherwise)
 after reduction for all applicable taxes (including
 without limitation
 the Excise Tax). If a reduction to the payments or benefits provided under Section 2 is required pursuant to this Section 4
 such reduction shall occur to the payments and benefits in the order that results in the greatest economic present value of all payments and benefits actually made to the Employee. 

&#8221;) immediately prior to the Change of Control. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual
 entity or group effecting the Change of Control
 the Employee may appoint another nationally recognized public accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Employee
 except as described in the next Section. 

4.3. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the Change of Control
&#8221;)
 consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder. In the event that there is a final determination by the Internal Revenue Service
 or a final determination by a court of competent jurisdiction
 that an Overpayment has been made
 any such Overpayment shall repaid to the Company by the Employee within thirty (30) days of such determination
 with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2). In the event that there is a final determination by the Internal Revenue Service
 or a final determination by a court of competent jurisdiction
 any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the Employee together with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code
 within thirty (30) days of such determination. 


 or to mitigate and challenge
 any such tax or assessment and the Employee complies with such request
 the Company shall provide the Employee with such information and such expert advice and assistance from the Company&#8217;s accountants
 lawyers and other advisors as the Employee may reasonably request and shall pay for all expenses incurred in effecting such compliance and any related fines
 penalties
 interest and other assessments. 




 only if the Employee&#8217;s employment with the Company terminates pursuant to Section 2.1 or 2.2 and the Employee begins to receive the payments and benefits provided for under either such Section
&#8221;)
 except with the written consent of the Board
 the Employee will not (except in his capacity as an employee of the Company) do any of the following
 directly or indirectly: 


 own
 manage
 operate
 join
 control
 finance or participate in the ownership
 management
 operation
 control or financing of
 or be connected as an officer
 director
 employee
 partner
 principal
 agent
 representative
 stockholder
 consultant
 investor or otherwise with
 or use or permit his name to be used in connection with
 any person
 business or enterprise which directly or indirectly engages in the development
 marketing or sale of products or compounds that are competitive with: (i) those products being marketed by the Company at the time of the Employee&#8217;s termination; (ii) those products
 product candidates or compounds in clinical development or a clinical research program; or (iii) those products
 product candidates or compounds that the Employee was aware were under pre-clinical development by the Company and expected to be in clinical development or in a clinical research program within six (6) months of the Employee&#8217;s termination (collectively
 the &#8220;


 entice or induce any customer to become a customer of any other person
 firm or corporation with respect to the Company&#8217;s Business or to cease doing business with the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates
 and the Employee will not approach any such person
 firm or corporation for such purpose or authorize or knowingly approve
 encourage or assist the taking of such actions by any other person
 firm or corporation; or 


 recruit or hire any part-time or full-time employee
 representative or consultant of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to work for a third party other than the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates
 or engage in any activity that would cause any employee
 representative or consultant to violate any agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates. The foregoing covenant shall not apply to any person after twelve (12) months have elapsed after the date on which such person&#8217;s employment by the Company has terminated. 


 as amended
 provided that such ownership represents a passive investment and that neither the Employee nor any group of persons including the Employee in any way
 either directly or indirectly
 manages or exercises control of any such corporation
 guarantees any of its financial obligations
 otherwise takes any part in its business
 other than exercising the Employee&#8217;s rights as a stockholder
 or seeks to do any of the foregoing. 


5.3. The Employee acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 5 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company and its affiliates
 that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement in the absence of such restrictions
 and that any violation of any provision of this Section will result in irreparable injury to the Company. The Employee further represents and acknowledges that (i) he has been advised by the Company to consult his own legal counsel in respect of this Agreement
 and (ii) that he has had full opportunity
 prior to execution of this Agreement
 to review thoroughly this Agreement with his counsel. 


 without the necessity of proving actual damages
 as well as an equitable accounting of all earnings
 profits and other benefits arising from any violation of this Section 5
 which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled. In the event that any of the provisions of this Section 5 should ever be adjudicated to exceed the time
 geographic
 service
 or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction
 then such provisions shall be deemed reformed in such jurisdiction to the maximum time
 geographic
 service
 or other limitations permitted by applicable law. The Employee agrees to disclose the existence and terms of this Section 5 to any employer that the Employee may work for during the Restricted Period. If the Employee breaches this Section 5 in any respect
 the restrictions contained in herein will be extended for a period equal to the period that the Employee was in breach. 



. This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring sanctions under Section 409A
 then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement will be made upon a &#8220;separation from service&#8221; under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code
 each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In no event may the Employee
 directly or indirectly
 designate the calendar year of payment. To the maximum extent permitted under Section 409A of the Code and its corresponding regulations
 the cash severance benefits payable under this Agreement are intended to meet the requirements of the short-term deferral exemption under Section 409A of the Code and the &#8220;separation pay exception&#8221; under Treas. Reg. &#167;1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). However
 if such severance benefits do not qualify for such exemptions at the time of the Employee&#8217;s termination of employment and therefore are deemed as deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code
 then if the Employee is a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; under Section 409A of the Code on the date of the Employee&#8217;s termination of employment
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
 payment of severance under this Agreement shall be delayed for a period of six (6) months from the date of the Employee&#8217;s termination of employment if required by Section 409A of the Code. The accumulated postponed amount shall be paid in a lump sum payment within ten (10) days after the end of the six (6) month period. If the Employee dies during the postponement period prior to payment of the postponed amount
 the amounts withheld on account of Section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the Employee&#8217;s estate within sixty (60) days after the date of the Employee&#8217;s death. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code
 including
 where applicable
 the requirement that (i) any reimbursement shall be for expenses incurred during the Employee&#8217;s lifetime (or during a shorter period of time specified in this Agreement)
 (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement
 or in kind benefits provided
 during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement
 or in kind benefits to be provided
 in any other calendar year
 (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

. This Agreement shall terminate on December 31
 2017 (the &#8220;Agreement Termination Date&#8221;)

 however
 that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the Agreement Termination Date
 this Agreement shall remain in effect until all of the obligations of the parties hereunder arising out of such Change of Control are satisfied or have expired. 

. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Employee and their respective successors
 executors
 administrators

 however
 that neither the Employee nor the Company may make any assignments of this Agreement or any interest herein
 by operation of law or otherwise
 without the prior written consent of the other party
 except that
 without such consent
 the Company may assign this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of its assets and business by means of liquidation
 dissolution
 merger
 consolidation
 transfer of assets
 or otherwise. 



. Any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be instituted in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
 or if that court does not have or will not accept jurisdiction
 in any court of general jurisdiction in the Michigan
 and the Employee and the Company hereby consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such court(s) and hereby waive any objection(s) that they may have to personal jurisdiction
 the laying of venue of any such proceeding and any claim or defense of inconvenient forum. 

. The waiver by either party hereto of any right hereunder or any failure to perform or breach by the other party hereto shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right hereunder or any other failure or breach by the other party hereto
 whether of the same or a similar nature or otherwise. No waiver shall be deemed to have occurred unless set forth in a writing executed by or on behalf of the waiving party. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein
 and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived. Whenever possible
 each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law
 but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction
 such invalidity
 illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction
 and this Agreement will be reformed
 construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

. All notices and communications that are required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or upon mailing by registered or certified mail
 postage prepaid
 return receipt requested
 as follows: 






 to: 


 Inc.



 MI 48320




 to the address on file with the Company
 or to such other address as may be specified in a notice given by one party to the other party hereunder. 

. This Agreement and the attached exhibit contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the provision of severance benefits upon termination in connection with a Change of Control
 and merges and is subordinate to current employment agreements in force. 

. The Company will withhold from any payments due to the Employee hereunder
 all taxes
 FICA or other amounts required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law. 



. This Agreement may be executed
 including execution by facsimile signature
 in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 



. The Employee agrees that the Employee will be subject to any compensation clawback or recoupment policies that may be applicable to the Employee as an executive of the Company
 as in effect from time to time and as approved by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof
 whether or not approved before or after the effective date of this Amendment. 


 the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 



Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.







Title: President
 Chief Executive Officer




















&#8221;) is made as of the day of 
&#8221;) and Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. (the &#8220;


 the Employee&#8217;s employment as an executive of the Company has terminated; and 


 pursuant to Section 2 of the Change of Control Agreement by and between the Company and the Employee dated as of 
&#8221;)
 the Company has agreed to pay the Employee certain amounts and to provide Employee with certain rights and benefits
 subject to the execution of this Release. 


 in consideration of these premises and the mutual promises contained herein
 and intending to be legally bound hereby
 the parties agree as follows: 

. The Employee acknowledges that: (a) the payments
 rights and benefits set forth in Section 2 of the Change of Control Agreement constitute full settlement of all of Employee&#8217;s rights under the Change of Control Agreement
 (b) the Employee has no entitlement under any other severance or similar arrangement maintained by the Company
 and (c) except as otherwise provided specifically in this Release
 the Company does not and will not have any other liability or obligation to the Employee. The Employee further acknowledges that
 in the absence of Employee&#8217;s execution of this Release
 the payments and benefits specified in Section 2 of the Change of Control Agreement would not otherwise be due to the Employee. 

. The Employee hereby fully and forever releases and discharges the Company and its parents
 affiliates and subsidiaries
 including all predecessors and successors
 assigns
 officers
 directors
 trustees
 employees
 agents and attorneys
&#8221;)
 from any and all claims
 demands
 liens
 agreements
 contracts
 covenants
 actions
 suits
 causes of action
 obligations
 controversies
 debts
 costs
 expenses
 damages
 judgments
 orders and liabilities
 of whatever kind or nature
 direct or indirect
 in law
 equity or otherwise
 whether known or unknown
 arising through the date of this Release
 out of Employee&#8217;s employment by the Company or the termination thereof
 including
 but not limited to
 any claims for relief or causes of action under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act
.
 or any other federal
 state or local statute
 ordinance or regulation regarding discrimination in employment and any claims
 demands or actions based upon alleged wrongful or retaliatory discharge or breach of contract under any state or federal law. The Employee expressly represents that he has not filed a lawsuit or initiated any other administrative proceeding against a Released Person
 and that he has not assigned any claim against a Released Person. The Employee further promises not to initiate a lawsuit or to bring any other claim against a Release Person arising out of or in any way related to Employee&#8217;s employment by the Company or the termination of that employment. The forgoing will not be deemed to release the Company from (a) claims solely to enforce this Release
 (b) claims solely to enforce Section 2 of the Change of Control Agreement
 (c) claims for indemnification under the Company&#8217;s By-Laws

 however


. The Employee acknowledges that restrictive covenants contained in Section 5 of the Change of Control Agreement will survive the termination of his employment. The Employee affirms that those restrictive covenants are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company
 that he received adequate consideration in exchange for agreeing to those restrictions and that he will abide by those restrictions. 

. The Company (meaning
 solely for this purpose
 the Company&#8217;s directors and executive officers and other individuals authorized to make official communications on the Company&#8217;s behalf) will not disparage the Employee or the Employee&#8217;s performance or otherwise take any action which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Employee&#8217;s personal or professional reputation. Similarly
 the Employee will not disparage the Company or any of its directors
 officers
 agents or employees or otherwise take any action which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the reputation of the Company or the personal or professional reputation of any of the Company&#8217;s directors
 officers
 agents or employees. 

. The Employee further agrees that
 subject to reimbursement of Employee&#8217;s reasonable expenses
 he will cooperate fully with the Company and its counsel with respect to any matter (including litigation
 investigations
 or governmental proceedings) which relates to matters with which the Employee was involved during Employee&#8217;s employment with the Company. The Employee shall render such cooperation in a timely manner on reasonable notice from the Company. 

. The Employee expressly acknowledges and recites that he (a) has read and understands this Release in its entirety
 (b) as entered into this Release knowingly and voluntarily
 signing it; (d) was provided twenty-one (21) calendar days after receipt of the Release to consider its terms before signing it (or such longer period as is required for this Release to be effective under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act or any similar state law); and (e) is provided seven (7) calendar days from the date of signing to terminate and revoke this Release (or such longer period required by applicable state law)
 in which case this Release shall be unenforceable
 null and void. The Employee may revoke this Release during those seven (7) days (or such longer period required by applicable state law) by providing written notice of revocation to the Company at the address specified in Section 6.7 of the Change of Control Agreement. 

. If the Employee violates or challenges the enforceability of Section 5 of the Change of Control Agreement or this Release
 no further payments
 rights or benefits under Section 2 of the Change of Control Agreement will be due to the Employee. 



 This Release is not to be construed as an admission of any violation of any federal
 state or local statute
 ordinance or regulation or of any duty owed by the Company to the Employee. There have been no such violations
 and the Company specifically denies any such violations. 

. The Employee agrees that he will not apply for reinstatement with the Company or seek in any way to be reinstated
 re-employed or hired by the Company in the future. 

. This Release shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Employee and their respective successors
 executors
 administrators and heirs. The Employee may make any assignment of this Release or any interest herein
 by operation of law or otherwise. The Company may assign this Release to any successor to all or substantially all of its assets and business by means of liquidation
 dissolution
 merger
 consolidation
 transfer of assets
 or otherwise. 

. Whenever possible
 each provision of this Release will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law. However
 if any provision of this Release is held to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any respect
 such invalidity
 illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision
 and this Release will be reformed
 construed and enforced as though the invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provision had never been herein contained. 

. Except as otherwise provided herein
 this Release contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof
 and merges and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous discussions
 agreements and understandings of every nature relating to the subject matter hereof. This Release may not be changed or modified
 except by an Agreement in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 

. This Release shall be governed by
 and enforced in accordance with
 the laws of the State of Michigan without regard to the application of the principles of conflicts of laws. 

. This Release may be executed
 including execution by facsimile signature
 in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 


 the Company has caused this Release to be executed by its duly authorized officer
 and the Employee has executed this Release
 in each case as of the date first above written. 

Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.



/s/ Andrew A
 Dahl



Title: President
 Chief Executive Officer






















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Andrew D. Dahl
 certify that:


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;&nbsp;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and&nbsp;

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and&nbsp;


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and&nbsp;

any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;


 2018

















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Philip M. Rice II certify that:


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;&nbsp;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and&nbsp;

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and&nbsp;


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and&nbsp;

any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;


 2018


















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Andrew D. Dahl
 Chief Administrative Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 


 2018







 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.
















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Philip M. Rice II
 Chief Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 


 2018







 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt



















































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.





	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company&apos;s focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing


038
374 and $6
059
627 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $4
228
525 and a stockholders&amp;#146; deficiency of $16
304
492 at December 31
 2017. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&apos;s ability to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&amp;#146;s existing stockholders.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company received proceeds of $4
000

	
	
	
	

 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2017
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Property and equipment consists of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $690
079 and $26
813 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We will recognize net product revenue when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of product ownership have transferred to our customers
 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
 when we recognize revenue as a reduction to both accounts receivable and net revenue.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company&apos;s research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
381
222 and $788
971 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2017 and 2016 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards is subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &amp;#147;change in ownership&amp;#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &amp;#150; Income Taxes).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;During 2017 and 2016
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $2
487
779 and $1
201
758 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;272&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:204.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;175.05% to 177.58%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;158.53% to 173.53%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;1.63% to 2.11%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;.71% to 1.04%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2017
 consisted of 196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2017 and 2016
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred. There were no Advertising Costs during the years 2017 and 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the year.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Certain items in these consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Future Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. Historically the Company has had no revenues. The Company has not determined the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Accounting for Leases(Topic 842)
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; This new lease accounting standard requires that we recognize leased assets and corresponding liabilities on the balance sheet and provide enhanced disclosure of lease activity.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic


 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted


 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2017


 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets


079 and $26
813 for the years ended December 31

	
	

 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers




 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
381
222 and $788
971 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


 2017 and 2016 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards is subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &amp;#147;change in ownership&amp;#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22


 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;During 2017 and 2016
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $2
487
779 and $1
201
758 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;272&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:204.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;175.05% to 177.58%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;158.53% to 173.53%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:97.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;1.63% to 2.11%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;138&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:103.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;.71% to 1.04%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate

	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2017
 consisted of 196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2017 and 2016
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. Historically the Company has had no revenues. The Company has not determined the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Accounting for Leases(Topic 842)
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; This new lease accounting standard requires that we recognize leased assets and corresponding liabilities on the balance sheet and provide enhanced disclosure of lease activity.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective


 2017 and 2016 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(81
250)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;18
750&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization was $18
750 and $25
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(81
250)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.25in;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;18

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2017 and 2016
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 a noteholder and significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $475
834 and $319
234
 respectively. The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $216
000 and $108
000

	
	
	
	

 RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Christopher Maggiore&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $176
405 and $176
405
 respectively. The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $25
966 and $20
396
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;HEP Investments
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In addition to amounts owed to HEP Investments pursuant to Convertible Debt (see Note 7)
 as of January 1
 2016
 the Company owed HEP Investments $178
702. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 HEP Investments loaned the Company an additional $1
890
872. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $69
574 as of December 31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $4
148
040 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of our agreement with HEP Investments
 $4
000
000 of these loans were converted to 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $217
614 as of December 31

	
	
	
	
	
	

 LLC &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through March 1
 2017: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $17
500
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) (of which $16
441
839 has been advanced as of December 31
 2017)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision) which expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
. and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to the $2
000
000 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $106
693
 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $1
376
182 for the years ended December 31
 2016. The $2
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. As discussed in Note 12 &amp;#150; Settlement of Litigation &amp;#150; Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt by $280
000 (at $.12 per share) relating to a settlement with the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 1
 2017
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents: (i) an Eighth Amendment to the Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&amp;#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on January 7
 2016. The Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. As consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to change the conversion price of the $12
441
839 Convertible Promissory Note from conversion prices ranging from $.10 to $.30 per share to $.10 per share. The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 was $12
441
839. The amount includes unpaid principal of $9
147
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
694
639 and restructuring and legal fees of $600
000. The Company recorded a debt discount of $600
000 related to the restructuring of the $12
441
839
 11% convertible note on March 1
 2017. The stated rate of the new debt was unchanged from the previous debt agreement and the estimated fair value of the new debt approximates its carrying amount (principal plus accrued interest at the date of the modification). In accordance with FASB ASC 470-60 &amp;#147;Debt-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors
&amp;#148; the Company recorded a &amp;#147;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&amp;#148; on March 1
 2017 of $406
482 which represented the remaining unamortized discount as of March 1
 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company has agreed to pay a closing fee of 9% in connection with the Loan transaction (when the remaining funding is achieved)
 consisting of 5.4% in cash and 3.6% paid in shares of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The related indebtedness represented by this convertible note shall be paid to the Lender in monthly installments of interest only beginning on July 1
 2017 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has not made any interest payments. The Company has received an extension of 3 months to pay the interest expense
 to March 31
 2018.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 3
 2017
 as a result of the settlement of litigation with a shareholder
 HEP Investments agreed to reduce the principal due to the Lender by $280
000 (see Note 12).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;On July 14
 2017
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt into 300
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (at $.10 per share). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 19
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of two years on the basis of $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). This warrant is in addition to 10% warrant coverage (five-year term) provided to Lender in connection with investments in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. The warrant was issued on November 20
 2017 as the related funding was complete. The warrant has a cashless exercise provision. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In an agreement dated July 21
 2017 (&amp;#147;Funding Agreement&amp;#148;) between Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP (&amp;#147;Participant&amp;#148;)
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million (&amp;quot;the committed funding&amp;quot;)
 through the Lender&amp;#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &amp;#147;Right of First Refusal&amp;#148; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&amp;#147;Right of Participation&amp;#148;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender that upon the funding of the Participant&amp;#146;s $1.5 million by November 20
 2017
 the Lender would allocate a portion (50%) of the warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at a conversion price of $.10 issued to the Participant on the $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note as discussed above. On July 24
 2017 the Lender funded $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion `price of $.10 for a term of five years. On September 25
 2017 the Lender funded an additional $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion price of $.10 for a term of five years.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On October 18
 2017 the Company
 Lender and Participant entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (&amp;#147;Amended Agreement&amp;#148;). The Company and Lender are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement
 dated December 1
 2011 (&amp;#147;Original Agreement&amp;#148;) (filed as Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company&amp;#146;s 2011 Form 10-K filed on March 30
 2012). In the Funding Agreement (dated July 21
 2017) between Lender and Participant
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million through the Lender&amp;#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $4
000
000 of Notes in the amount of $264
826 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &amp;quot;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&amp;quot; as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $264
826 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.08 to 176.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 2.09%. The $4
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $574
716 for the year ended December 31
 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;If the Lender converted the total principal of $16
411
839 convertible debt as of December 31
 2017
 the total shares of common stock to be issued would be 177
380
045 shares
 not including the related accrued and any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). This agreement provides that Paulson can provide up to $2 million in financings through &amp;#147;accredited investors&amp;#148; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &amp;#147;New Lenders&amp;#148;). Each loan includes a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#147;New Lenders Notes&amp;#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (HEP) whereby HEP and the New Lenders agree to participate in all collateral a &lt;i&gt;pari passu &lt;/i&gt;basis. The loans have a two-year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson receives a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $.10 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The New Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. The New Lenders Notes must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note. The Company has not made the interest payment due on the first anniversary of the Note. The Company has not received any notice of default.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In September 2014
 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30-day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Convertible debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2018&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $458
072 and $574
443
 respectively
 due September 30
 2018 (See Note 13 - Subsequent Events)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;15
953
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
572
757&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2018&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;17
443
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;10
062
757&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;6
886
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt; Long term portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;15
953
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
176
047&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Amortization of debt discounts was $574
716 and $1
376
182 for the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2018&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $458
072 and $574
443
 respectively
 due September 30
 2018 (See Note 13 - Subsequent Events)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;15
953
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
572
757&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2018&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;17
443
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;10
062
757&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;6
886
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;522&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:391.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt; Long term portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;15
953
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
176

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2017
 the shareholders of the Company voted for Approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 450
000
000 shares to 700
000
000 shares. The Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation have been filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Board of Directors fees&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock to Robert O. Rondeau
 a new Director
 in March 2016
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $10
588 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 168.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.97%. In addition
 Mr. Rondeau will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On September 10
 2016
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $59
125 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 171.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On September 11
 2017
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.07 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $166
668 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.71%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company recorded directors&amp;#146; fees of $206
668 and $109
713 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 representing the cash fees and the value of the vested warrants described above.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On May 19
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 14
500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $1
095
063 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.07%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.89%. On September 19
 2016
 the Company issued 3
500
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $175
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On November 17
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $21
381 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.41%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.04%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended March 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $33
148 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.87%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended June 30
 2017
 the Company entered into a Limited License Agreement (&amp;#147;License Agreement&amp;#148;) with NutriQuest
 LLC (&amp;quot;NutriQuest&amp;quot;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company issued NutriQuest warrants to purchase 687
227 shares of common stock valued at $45
662 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.75%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.78%. The warrants are exercisable at $.08 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. The License Agreement provides that the Company is obligated to pay a termination fee to NutriQuest if the parties are unable to agree upon quality and volume delivered standards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 16
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.06 to $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $923
430 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61% to 175.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 1.79%. Also
 in the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an at an exercise price of $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a research consultant. The warrants were valued at $16
667 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 50
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2.5 million through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Also
 in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 600
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $57
212 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.11%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On January 27
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $8
018 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 158.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 1
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $750
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 337
500 shares of common stock valued at $27
000 and a warrant to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $44
371 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 167.7%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.85%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On May 16
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $18
746 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 26
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $11
523 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.75%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 25
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 150
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $13
939 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On October 20
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
419 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.2%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 7
 2017
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $22
500 as discussed in Note 12 - Settlement of Litigation &amp;#150; Related Party.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 31
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 450
000 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $75
718 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.97%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 14
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
546 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.0%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.87%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 24
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 514
286 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $66
181 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.0%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.83%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On September 7
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
506 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.6%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On September 25
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 514
286 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $66
086 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.0%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.85%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 20
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $500
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $18
000 and a warrant to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $42
739 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.2%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Executive Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 29
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
771 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 169.28%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On May 13
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
777 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.23%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.76%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 12
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.07. The warrants were valued at $3
307 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.71%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 14
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. The warrants were valued at $4
745 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.00%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
317 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On May 12
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
283 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.74%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 11
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.06. The warrants were valued at $2
863 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.74%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On October 19
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
290 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.98%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Andrew Dahl
 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $762
649 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Philip Rice
 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $457
589 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s warrants is presented below.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;168&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:126.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;169&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:126.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;14
705
818&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;Issued&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;88
737
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
350
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
507
374)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(2
983
917)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301
754&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2017 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:175.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;203&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:152.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Remaining&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Range of&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Contractual Life in Years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.59&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.99&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;809
110&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.38&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;809
110&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;60
527
200&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.64&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;60
527
200&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.62&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.62&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
376
941&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.68&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
376
941&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.37&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.75&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.92&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.50&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301
754&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301

	


	


	


	
	
	

500

	


	
	



250

	
	

000

	
	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	


	
	


	
	


	
	


	
	


	
	


	
	


	
	


	
	

 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000

	
	

 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000

	

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;169&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:126.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;14
705
818&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;Issued&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;88
737
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
350
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
507
374)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(2
983
917)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301
754&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;32
071

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.59&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.99&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;809
110&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.38&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;809
110&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;60
527
200&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.64&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;60
527
200&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.62&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.62&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
376
941&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.68&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
376
941&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.37&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.75&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.92&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.50&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;55&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:41.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:70.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301
754&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.05pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011 as amended August 11
 2016. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one-year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. Mr. Dahl is compensated as follows: he receives an annual base salary of $240
000. In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&amp;#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&amp;#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. Further
 as it relates to Company&amp;#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetris
 LLC (&amp;#147;WellMetris&amp;#148;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetris for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetris to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetris at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetris. Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetris. As of December 31
 2017
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Investment Banking
 M&amp;amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On January 17
 2017 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm (&amp;quot;Firm&amp;quot;). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 if the Company did not terminate the engagement prior to April 18
 2017
 it was required to issue 1
875
000 shares of its common stock. As of April 18
 2017
 the Company had not terminated the agreement and therefore became obligated to issue the aforementioned shares. The Company recorded the expense in Professional Fees and Consulting Expenses in the amount of $131
250 on its Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2017. In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be required to be obligated to pay an 8% M&amp;amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) payable in shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (reduced by the value of the previously issued shares). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change of Control Provisions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Effective as of April 21
 2017
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2017 the Change in Control Agreements (the &amp;#147;Agreements&amp;#148;) with both of its executive officers. The Agreements with each of the executive officers provide that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&amp;#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior to the Change of Control or the 24 month period following the Change of Control
 then 100% of such participant&amp;#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2017
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
 the obligations of the Agreements will remain in effect until they are satisfied or have expired. (See Note 13 &amp;#150; Subsequent Events) &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Workers&amp;#146; Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company does not carry workers&amp;#146; compensation insurance





	

 2017 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $44
981
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2017 through 2037. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2017 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $12
145
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s Deferred Tax Assets decreased by $3
748
000 from $15
893
000 as of December 31
 2016 to $12
145
000 as of December 31
 2017. The net decrease consisted of an increase in the asset of $2
099
000 as a result of additional Net Operating Losses of $4
589
000 during the current year
 offset by a decrease of $5
847


 2015
 a shareholder of the Company (&amp;#147;Shareholder&amp;#148;) brought action against HEP Investment alleging certain technical violations of Section 16(b) of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended. On March 3
 2017
 without admitting any liability whatsoever
 HEP Investment settled with the Shareholder by agreeing to reduce the Company&amp;#146;s debt owed to HEP Investment by $280
000. Related to this debt reduction
 the Company paid to the Shareholder&amp;#146;s legal counsel $60
000 and 250
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock valued at $22
500. The Company considered the settlement to be a Type 1 subsequent event and recorded legal fees of $82
500 on the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016 and recorded the settlement amount of $280
000 as a reduction of convertible debt owed to HEP Investments and an increase to Additional Paid-In Capital on its Balance Sheet as of December 31

	

 RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loan Payable
 Related Parties &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;During the period from January 1
 2018 to February 15
 2018
 Mr. Maggiore advance the Company an additional $60
000
 for a total advanced of $302
602. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONVERTIBLE DEBT: HEP Investments
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Modification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;On January 31
 2018
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of January 31
 2018: (i) Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on March 1
 2017 and disclosed in the Company&amp;#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on March 6
 2017. The Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note extends the maturity date for all convertible debt due to HEP Investments to April 1
 2019
 including the payment of any interest due and owing at that time. The total outstanding debt as of January 31
 2018 is $16
411
839
 and the related amount of unpaid interest is $1
476
607.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;In consideration for extending the maturity date of the Loan to April 1
 2019 in accordance with the Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 3
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In accordance with FASB ASC 470-10-45
 as a result of the January 31
 2018 amendment to the Loan Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company has reclassified all outstanding indebtedness to HEP Investments
 LLC as non-current on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2017. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Based on the above
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $16
411
839 convertible debt
 would be 164
118
392 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;Amounts advanced under the Note are secured by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company has agreed to pay a closing fee of 9% in connection with the Loan transaction (when the remaining funding is achieved)
 consisting of 5.4% in cash and 3.6% paid in shares of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;The Company has made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior management. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11% Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Through February 20
 2018
 HEP Investments LLC (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;) funded an additional of $203
000. Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $250
000
 11% convertible note and warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years. The terms of the debt are in described in Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change of Control Provisions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Effective as of February 9
 2018
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2018 the Change in Control Agreements (the &amp;#147;Agreements&amp;#148;) with both of its executive officers. The Agreements with each of the executive officers provide that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&amp;#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior to the Change of Control or the 24 month period following the Change of Control
 then 100% of such participant&amp;#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2018
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date

	
	


	

 LLC (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)

	


	




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			



		


		


		




				


				





		


		















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt











 Exercise Price



		




		




		




		




		




		


		


		




		



 Value



		



 Shares



		
		






		






		




		




		




		




		




		


		




		




		


		


		


		
		


		


		



 Value



		




		
		


		



 Non-current


 Non-current
 Discount



		


		


		


		




		




		




		




		


		




		





 RELATED PARTIES



		


		


		


		




		
		










		






		


		





 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years



		




		




		


		







 due April 2017



		


		


		


		


		



 Shares




 Shares



		



 Current


 Current
 Discount



		


		


		




		




		


		





 Common shares from outstanding warrants (number of shares)



		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		




		


		


		
		







 Related Parties







		
		








		


		


		




		


		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		




		





 Depletion and Amortization



		
		




		




		


		





 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement



		




		




		




		




		
		




		


		




		




		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		









 Exercise Price



		




		




		








		




		




		


		








		


		
		


		






		


		
		

 at Carrying Value


 at Carrying Value



		









 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years



		




		




		




		




		




		






		


		


		


		
		




		


		


		


		






		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		





 LLC



		


		




		


		
		



 Shares



		


		




		


		
		


		


		









 Number










 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		








		




		




		


		




		


		


		
		



 Value



		
		





 Shares








 less discount



		


		


		


		


		




		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		









 Total



		


		


		


		


		




		
		






		
		






		


		




		




		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		
		
		




		




		








		


		


		


		





 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities











		
		


		


		


		




		




		




		




		




		




		


		




		


		
		


		



 Shares



		




		


		






		


		


		




		




		







 Value



		
		



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



		


		


		




		




		


		


		


		
		


		


		






		
		


		
		


		





 Number



		




		


		




		


		


		




		




		


		
		


		


		






		


		




		




		








		





 Common shares from convertible debentures (number of shares)



		




		


		





 less Discount



		















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










 Related Parties: HEP Investments

				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				














































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Feb. 13
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017















 Inc.



























  2017


































196
061













852
340


































































Entity Incorporation
 State Country Name








Entity Address
 Address Line One



 Suite 202





Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code


























Entity Listing
 Par Value Per Share












If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.






















































































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.




























Address Line 1 such as Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











135


986





143


437





278


423



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET



750










Deferred Finance Costs
 net

877
801


119





210
079


292












710


365





834


234



Loans Payable
 Related Parties

019


979



ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount

490
000


886
710





649
240


659
574





000


618





560
803


182
480












953
768


176
047





514
571


358
527










Common Stock
 Value

107


745





366
814


016
059





812
413)


774
039)





304
492)


621
235)





210
079


292



Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount

953
768


176
047







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount
 as of the indicated date.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of deferred costs that are expected to be recognized as a charge against earnings in periods after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Convertible Debentures Payable
 Current
 Discount



490



Convertible Debentures Payable
 Non-current
 Discount

072


953



Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share






Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

106
061


745
347



Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding

106
061


745
347







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 Current
 Discount
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 Non-current
 Discount
 as of the indicated date.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016

























127
979


239





820
985


869
234





381
222


971





330
186


490
444





330
186)


490
444)












482)







394







716)


376
182)





079)


813)





000)


000)





000)


000)



Interest Expense
 Related Parties

544
405)


698)





900)


490)





708
188)


569
183)





038
374)


059
627)












243
126


844
254







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of Deferred Finance Costs
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Finance costs paid in stock and warrants
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Financing Costs
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Interest Expense
 Related Parties
 during the indicated time period.















































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Equity Balance
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2015

157


085
266


714
412)


496
989)



Shares Outstanding
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2015

156
776













712




712







116
444




116
444







601




601



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services

500


500




000



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services

500
000













693




693







931




931



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Other

088


912




000



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Other

088
571













000




000









059
627)


059
627)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2016

745
347









Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2016

745


016
059


774
039)


621
235)







668




668







086
120




086
120







234
991




234
991



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services

875


375




250



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services

875
000













826




826







274
761




274
761



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Other

937


064




001



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Other

935
714









Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues



250




500



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues

000









Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities
 Net of Adjustments



700




000



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Conversion of Convertible Securities

000















038
374)


038
374)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2017

106
061









Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2017

107


366
814


812
413)


304
492)







Represents the monetary amount of Discounts on issuance of 11% convertible debentures
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants for services
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants for services - related party
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants to board of directors
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Settlement of Litigation - related party
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Warrants issued for financing costs
 during the indicated time period.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































The net amount of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities
 net of adjustments (for example
 to additional paid in capital) including the write-off of an equity component recognized to record the convertible debt instrument as two separate components - a debt component and an equity component. This item is meant to disclose the value of shares issued on conversion of convertible securities that were recorded as two separate (debt and equity) components.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











038
374)


059
627)












217
369


291
444





234
992


601





668


713





482







000


000





079


813





716


376
181





750


000












705)


096)





656)


061)





600


001





312
188


558





242
891)


543
473)
























Proceeds from (payments of) loans payable
 related parties

040


130)





000)


000)





000
000


250
000





053
040


033
870





851)


397



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Beginning Balance

986


589



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

135


986





















































































This element represents the amortization of deferred leasing fees incurred by the lessor and amortized over the term of the lease. Such fees represent (a) costs to originate a lease incurred in transactions with independent third parties that (i) result directly from and are essential to acquire that lease and (ii) would not have been incurred had that leasing transaction not occurred and (b) certain costs directly related to specified activities performed by the lessor for that lease. Those activities are: evaluating the prospective lessee's financial condition; evaluating and recording guarantees
 collateral
 and other security arrangements; negotiating lease terms; preparing and processing lease documents; and closing the transaction.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.




























Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The expense charged against earnings to eliminate the capitalized costs of projects that have been terminated during the reporting period
 which is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by (used in) operations using the indirect method.






















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016























373


065


388


407


218














000


















694
639


















500
















000


























439


630












560
























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued in payment of an accrued liability
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock warrants issued as deferred finance costs
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Convertible debt converted into shares
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Debt discount for a restructuring fee related to the debt extinguishment
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Discounts on 11% convertible debentures
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Discounts on 11% convertible debentures
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Reclassification of Accrued Interest to 11% Convertible Debentures
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The business model of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company's focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks.



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company had a net loss of $10
038
374 and $6
059
627 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $4
228
525 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $16
304
492 at December 31
There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company received proceeds of $4
000
000 from the issuance of 11% convertible debt.







The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2017
Property and equipment consists of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $690
079 and $26
813 for the years ended December 31
We will recognize net product revenue when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of product ownership have transferred to our customers
 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company's research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
381
222 and $788
971 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2017 and 2016 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
During 2017 and 2016
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $2
487
779 and $1
201
758 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2017
 consisted of 196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2017 and 2016
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
&#147;Accounting for Leases(Topic 842)
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Property and equipment at December 31
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(100
(81
18
Depreciation and amortization was $18
750 and $25
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 a noteholder and significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $475
834 and $319
234
 respectively. The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $216
000 and $108
000
 respectively.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NOTE 4 - DUE TO RELATED PARTY
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties


Dec. 31
 2017






Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties
NOTE 6 &#150; LOAN PAYABLE
As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $176
405 and $176
405
 respectively. The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $25
966 and $20
396
HEP Investments
In addition to amounts owed to HEP Investments pursuant to Convertible Debt (see Note 7)
 as of January 1
 2016
 the Company owed HEP Investments $178
702. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 HEP Investments loaned the Company an additional $1
890
872. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $69
574 as of December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $4
148
040 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of our agreement with HEP Investments
 $4
000
000 of these loans were converted to 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $217
614 as of December 31
 2017.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NOTE 5 - LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







HEP Investments
On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through March 1
 2017: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $17
500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) (of which $16
441
839 has been advanced as of December 31
 2017)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision) which expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
. and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. In addition
 the Company&#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#146;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#146;s senior management
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to the $2
000
000 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $106
693
 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $1
376
182 for the years ended December 31
 2016. The $2
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. As discussed in Note 12 &#150; Settlement of Litigation &#150; Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt by $280
On March 1
 2017
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents: (i) an Eighth Amendment to the Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on January 7
 2016. The Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. As consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to change the conversion price of the $12
441
839 Convertible Promissory Note from conversion prices ranging from $.10 to $.30 per share to $.10 per share. The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 was $12
441
839. The amount includes unpaid principal of $9
147
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
694
639 and restructuring and legal fees of $600
000. The Company recorded a debt discount of $600
000 related to the restructuring of the $12
441
839
 11% convertible note on March 1
 2017. The stated rate of the new debt was unchanged from the previous debt agreement and the estimated fair value of the new debt approximates its carrying amount (principal plus accrued interest at the date of the modification). In accordance with FASB ASC 470-60 &#147;Debt-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors
&#148; the Company recorded a &#147;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&#148; on March 1
 2017 of $406
482 which represented the remaining unamortized discount as of March 1
The Company has agreed to pay a closing fee of 9% in connection with the Loan transaction (when the remaining funding is achieved)
The related indebtedness represented by this convertible note shall be paid to the Lender in monthly installments of interest only beginning on July 1
 2017 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has not made any interest payments. The Company has received an extension of 3 months to pay the interest expense
 to March 31
On March 3
 2017
 as a result of the settlement of litigation with a shareholder
 HEP Investments agreed to reduce the principal due to the Lender by $280
On July 14
 2017
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt into 300
On July 19
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of two years on the basis of $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). This warrant is in addition to 10% warrant coverage (five-year term) provided to Lender in connection with investments in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. The warrant was issued on November 20
In an agreement dated July 21
 2017 (&#147;Funding Agreement&#148;) between Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP (&#147;Participant&#148;)
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million (&quot;the committed funding&quot;)
 through the Lender&#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &#147;Right of First Refusal&#148; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&#147;Right of Participation&#148;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender that upon the funding of the Participant&#146;s $1.5 million by November 20
 2017
 the Lender would allocate a portion (50%) of the warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at a conversion price of $.10 issued to the Participant on the $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note as discussed above. On July 24
 2017 the Lender funded $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion `price of $.10 for a term of five years. On September 25
 2017 the Lender funded an additional $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
On October 18
 2017 the Company
 Lender and Participant entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (&#147;Amended Agreement&#148;). The Company and Lender are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement
 dated December 1
 2011 (&#147;Original Agreement&#148;) (filed as Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company&#146;s 2011 Form 10-K filed on March 30
 2012). In the Funding Agreement (dated July 21
 2017) between Lender and Participant
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $4
000
000 of Notes in the amount of $264
826 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &quot;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&quot; as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $264
826 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.08 to 176.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 2.09%. The $4
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $574
716 for the year ended December 31
If the Lender converted the total principal of $16
411
839 convertible debt as of December 31
 2017
 the total shares of common stock to be issued would be 177
380
045 shares
Paulson Investment Company
On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). This agreement provides that Paulson can provide up to $2 million in financings through &#147;accredited investors&#148; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#147;New Lenders&#148;). Each loan includes a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#147;New Lenders Notes&#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
basis. The loans have a two-year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson receives a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
In September 2014
 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30-day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $458
072 and $574
443
 respectively
 due September 30
15
953
8
572
11% Convertible note payable &#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
1
250
1
250
17
443
10
062
1
490
6
886
15
953
3
176
Amortization of debt discounts was $574
716 and $1
376
182 for the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On November 8
 2017
 the shareholders of the Company voted for Approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 450
000
000 shares to 700
000
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock to Robert O. Rondeau
 a new Director
 in March 2016
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $10
588 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 168.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.97%. In addition
 Mr. Rondeau will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
On September 10
 2016
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $59
125 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 171.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
On September 11
 2017
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.07 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $166
668 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.71%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
The Company recorded directors&#146; fees of $206
668 and $109
713 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
On May 19
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 14
500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $1
095
063 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.07%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.89%. On September 19
 2016
 the Company issued 3
500
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $175
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On November 17
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $21
During the quarter ended March 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $33
During the quarter ended June 30
 2017
 the Company entered into a Limited License Agreement (&#147;License Agreement&#148;) with NutriQuest
 LLC (&quot;NutriQuest&quot;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company issued NutriQuest warrants to purchase 687
227 shares of common stock valued at $45
During the quarter ended September 30
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 16
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.06 to $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $923
430 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61% to 175.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 1.79%. Also
 in the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an at an exercise price of $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a research consultant. The warrants were valued at $16
During the quarter ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 50
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2.5 million through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Also
 in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 600
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $57
On January 27
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $8
On March 1
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $750
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 337
500 shares of common stock valued at $27
000 and a warrant to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $44
On May 16
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $18
On July 26
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $11
On August 25
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 150
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $13
On October 20
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
On March 7
 2017
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $22
On March 31
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 450
000 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $75
On July 14
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
On July 24
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 514
286 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $66
On September 7
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $16
On September 25
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $1
000
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 514
286 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $66
On November 20
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $500
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $18
000 and a warrant to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants were valued at $42
As compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
On March 29
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
On May 13
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
On August 12
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.07. The warrants were valued at $3
On November 14
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. The warrants were valued at $4
On March 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
On May 12
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
On August 11
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.06. The warrants were valued at $2
On October 19
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Andrew Dahl
 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $762
On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Philip Rice
 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $457
December 31
December 31
Outstanding
32
071
14
705
88
737
20
350
(1
507
(2
983
Outstanding
119
301
32
071
Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
1
250
1
250
16
050
16
050
3
000
3
000
18
625
18
625
809
809
60
527
60
527
50
50
50
50
1
376
1
376
50
50
50
50
269
269
707
707
250
250
250
250
119
301
119
301
754



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011 as amended August 11
 2016. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one-year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. Mr. Dahl is compensated as follows: he receives an annual base salary of $240
000. In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. Further
 as it relates to Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetris
 LLC (&#147;WellMetris&#148;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetris for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetris to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetris at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetris. Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetris. As of December 31
 2017
Investment Banking
On January 17
 2017 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm (&quot;Firm&quot;). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 if the Company did not terminate the engagement prior to April 18
 2017
 it was required to issue 1
875
000 shares of its common stock. As of April 18
 2017
 the Company had not terminated the agreement and therefore became obligated to issue the aforementioned shares. The Company recorded the expense in Professional Fees and Consulting Expenses in the amount of $131
250 on its Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2017. In addition to the contract fee
Effective as of April 21
 2017
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2017 the Change in Control Agreements (the &#147;Agreements&#148;) with both of its executive officers. The Agreements with each of the executive officers provide that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior to the Change of Control or the 24 month period following the Change of Control
 then 100% of such participant&#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2017
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
The Company does not carry workers&#146; compensation insurance
 which covers on the job injury.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







At December 31
 2017 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $44
981
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
At December 31
 2017 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $12
145
The Company&#146;s Deferred Tax Assets decreased by $3
748
000 from $15
893
000 as of December 31
 2016 to $12
145
000 as of December 31
 2017. The net decrease consisted of an increase in the asset of $2
099
000 as a result of additional Net Operating Losses of $4
589
000 during the current year
 offset by a decrease of $5
847
000 resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#147;TCJ Act&#148;) in the fourth quarter of 2017. One of the provisions of the TCJ Act was to decrease the maximum U.S. Corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. As a result of this new law the Company will now be calculating its Deferred Tax Assets using a rate of 27% versus 40% in prior years.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On July 15
 2015
 a shareholder of the Company (&#147;Shareholder&#148;) brought action against HEP Investment alleging certain technical violations of Section 16(b) of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended. On March 3
 2017
 without admitting any liability whatsoever
 HEP Investment settled with the Shareholder by agreeing to reduce the Company&#146;s debt owed to HEP Investment by $280
000. Related to this debt reduction
 the Company paid to the Shareholder&#146;s legal counsel $60
000 and 250
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock valued at $22
500. The Company considered the settlement to be a Type 1 subsequent event and recorded legal fees of $82
500 on the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016 and recorded the settlement amount of $280
000 as a reduction of convertible debt owed to HEP Investments and an increase to Additional Paid-In Capital on its Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2016.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NOTE 10 - SETTLEMENT OF LITIGATION - RELATED PARTY
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







LOAN PAYABLE
Loan Payable
During the period from January 1
 2018 to February 15
 2018
 Mr. Maggiore advance the Company an additional $60
000
 for a total advanced of $302
CONVERTIBLE DEBT: HEP Investments
On January 31
 2018
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of January 31
 2018: (i) Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on March 1
 2017 and disclosed in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on March 6
 2017. The Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note extends the maturity date for all convertible debt due to HEP Investments to April 1
 2019
 including the payment of any interest due and owing at that time. The total outstanding debt as of January 31
 2018 is $16
411
839
 and the related amount of unpaid interest is $1
476
In consideration for extending the maturity date of the Loan to April 1
 2019 in accordance with the Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 3
250
In accordance with FASB ASC 470-10-45
 as a result of the January 31
 2018 amendment to the Loan Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company has reclassified all outstanding indebtedness to HEP Investments
 LLC as non-current on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31
Based on the above
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $16
411
839 convertible debt
 would be 164
118
392 shares
The Company has agreed to pay a closing fee of 9% in connection with the Loan transaction (when the remaining funding is achieved)
The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
11% Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
Through February 20
 2018
 HEP Investments LLC (&#147;Lender&#148;) funded an additional of $203
000. Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $250
000
 11% convertible note and warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock
Effective as of February 9
 2018
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2018 the Change in Control Agreements (the &#147;Agreements&#148;) with both of its executive officers. The Agreements with each of the executive officers provide that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior to the Change of Control or the 24 month period following the Change of Control
 then 100% of such participant&#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2018
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
 the obligations of the Agreements will remain in effect until they are satisfied or have expired. 



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.







Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2017
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.







Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Property and equipment consists of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. 



































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $690
079 and $26
813 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Deferred Financing Costs
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







We will recognize net product revenue when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of product ownership have transferred to our customers
 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
 when we recognize revenue as a reduction to both accounts receivable and net revenue.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company's research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
381
222 and $788
971 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. 



































Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Income Tax
 Policy (Policies)


Dec. 31
 2017






Income Tax
 Policy
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2017 and 2016 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &#150; Income Taxes).







Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
During 2017 and 2016
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $2
487
779 and $1
201
758 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2017
 consisted of 196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2017 and 2016
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.







Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017















Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the year.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
&#147;Accounting for Leases(Topic 842)
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.







Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Year Ended December 31








Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Fair Value of Warrants
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 4 - Property and Equipment: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017






Property
 Plant and Equipment
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(100
(81
18
750







Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $458
072 and $574
443
 respectively
 due September 30
15
953
8
572
11% Convertible note payable &#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
1
250
1
250
17
443
10
062
1
490
6
886
15
953
3
176
047







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Convertible Debt
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December 31
December 31
Outstanding
32
071
14
705
88
737
20
350
(1
507
(2
983
Outstanding
119
301
32
071
901







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Status of Warrants
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







1
250
1
250
16
050
16
050
3
000
3
000
18
625
18
625
809
809
60
527
60
527
50
50
50
50
1
376
1
376
50
50
50
50
269
269
707
707
250
250
250
250
119
301
119
301
754







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











038
374)


059
627)





228
525







304
492









Represents the monetary amount of Accumulated Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Working capital deficiency
 as of the indicated date.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











079


813







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of deferred financing costs
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











487
779


201
758







Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






































































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from convertible debentures

097
025


086
456



Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from outstanding warrants

301
754


071
901







Represents the Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from convertible debentures (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from outstanding warrants (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




















Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 4 - Property and Equipment: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











000


000





000


000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

000


000





000)


250)



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET



750







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Nonproduction

750


000







The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




834


234





000


000



HEP Investments
 LLC








834


234







Represents the monetary amount of Finance costs related to Related Parties
 during the indicated time period.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties: Christopher Maggiore (Details) - Christopher Maggiore - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




405


405





966


396







Represents the monetary amount of Loan balance due to Related Parties
 as of the indicated date.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties: HEP Investments
 LLC (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


HEP Investments
 LLC








614


574







Represents the monetary amount of Loan balance due to Related Parties
 as of the indicated date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









1% Convertible notes payable
 due April 2017

000


000





953
768


572
757





250
000


250
000



Convertible Debt
 Total

443
768


062
757





490
000


886
710





953
768


176
047







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debt
 Total
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Current portion
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Long term portion
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 11% Convertible note payable
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 11% Convertible note payable - New Lenders
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 1% Convertible notes payable
 due April 2017
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











716


376
182







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of debt discounts
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




668


713










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

 the Company granted warrants





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share










Represents the monetary amount of Directors' fees
 during the indicated time period.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

500
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share




Warrants issued to purhase common stock
 Value | $

148








Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

227 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

250
000 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share








Represents the monetary amount of Warrants issued to purhase common stock
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

500 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

500 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

571 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

571 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

286 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

571 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

286 shares of common stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock







Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.




























Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share








Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











071
901


705
818



Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








737
227


350
000



Warrants Issued
 Weighted Average Exercise Price













Warrants Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price













Warrants Cancelled
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








507
374)


983
917)



Warrants Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








301
754


071
901



Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price










Represents the Warrants Cancelled (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Cancelled
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Exercised (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Expired (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Issued (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Issued
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

250
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

250
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

050
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

050
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

625
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

625
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

110



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

110



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

527
200



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

527
200



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

376
941



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

376
941



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

276



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

276



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

301
754



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

301
754



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years








Represents the Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Exercisable
 Number
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding
 Number
 as of the indicated date.






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies: Investment Banking
 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement (Details)


Dec. 31
 2017

Investment Banking
 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement




Other Commitments
 Description

 the Company could potentially be required to be obligated to pay an 8% M&A transaction fee












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Other Commitments
 Description

 then 100% of such participant&#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000







Represents the monetary amount of Reduction of Convertible Debt
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 13 - Subsequent Events: Loan Payable
 Related Parties (Details) - Event 1


Dec. 31
 2017

Subsequent Event
 Description

000








Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018








Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 13 - Subsequent Events: CONVERTIBLE DEBT: HEP Investments
 LLC (Details) - Event 2


Dec. 31
 2017

Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

 LLC (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 13 - Subsequent Events: 11% Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
 LLC (Details) - Event 3


Dec. 31
 2017

Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

000




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

 2018 the Change in Control Agreements (the &#147;Agreements&#148;) with both of its executive officers




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( (]=54P?(\\#P    !





M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!



K_.3ZUM1?
H^[)635?J)FC581U^

C_T[8N: HK#8(K^

\;^



MQ47WKL1( 12T@20&)Z*DC,+B =&
B\@99^1B4F9&,EDC@Q&Y+1 0@HD
MB,Z=;-@2$$Y+I*1$BOE.LFP)B=;

(T77

4Z7/\?5#:Z141B?

A
]F@#8 P
4MW9

M=@# U2V=/'N8


7TN8_4$L#!!0    ( (]=54PP
M#YU S@

M$
:_LK[NWC&?[,I
+IU$JMM+KJVM=9


_QE)[LZN98=JG8



Z
$J68@GXBC3IG:;K1= YY[2;(!3(B +DCAQUA'R4O0W:
M4$=<IZ% /35&,O2 4\]2ZHV:AYX*HX!.NZ!#8PL_L0Q!!A]P\EE*/A@9@J5
M_J@E+G0AN/OY??0D Q X 2TE('V@3,%&N:)]'9POJIF9

M*)'S[P






U53DT+G6QX%P@X;\
/T697&+T5/#4PR$4_




*ZD9++Y#?%D
MB&=#]&]#
AD2QX!&



$


NL?:XO





:^&XVV\$ZLIC _ *0#O











M
'\_\6W_LFN[$]%R

M0:_X:^_.S8?WLR[*8U5][PY^W3[

ZO
M?78-/[Y_=_^Y#^_#/!:-6U?EW_MMNWN8I_/9UCT7KV7[K3K_XH9 R7PVI/_-



M51/Y+-= * ;WD/# P)=-&87G.\:!18DDF+E-IG9HB%_.A7?:6M :2)DV







 !B%60F


D
6AKM$\IQ.)G%(
 8*(Q!(*0R5B=*

MO

;I303;=S@VATY:667G?(
MF0N8*:K+!1T-)UDIP&3B:T.9WRCQFV[JD/.TRS8) YRXMY6(2O=UR.\QZ11!
M#ETT.D5V7\MUK(A!JW$P&=\HX9ON[3#(W+4@T6BU-73NA[TVG_ :1Y
!CA+

7-










*2QXB:)FOW
1B-

1)
Q=OWE7186!U P@.HJ%& Q'JST$M
)SEUD@4)(:V

M
304AX;(-Q2#@:1*$O^. 3IM!&$[%MJQ8'[(LV/#84SSY]T;FU!FDI@D=I-
M-TG@QGI%6?!*$H89?VI6433RL)C 0!)H9])HAP9I02PJOG!NAB'LON'4U




\^BCBD'I:F
3ZJPC0D=%VXF.!
1P9P%'Y:PB'
MR)

VB?T
M(#*/C#R2]$:BT;=_[LI]MTU2S;;%Y52W']FCUMM6S$NW$^.UK^EITV^H_ S3

MXCSL&46WC:O5?U!+ P04     /755
 8H4_N@  #/@  &    'AL+W=O



MO]W$25 !



MXZ53L_W


P%%



0%$TQ#Q &#+$K


F(:QM;^K
4HFWR=V







M0]
2VQM@=21)06B2W!#)N
)E'G




AY%_.?-
M6Y^]E.EMDI-+$)HQQPE#5YC].X1X^:4&W:IQI/_PZ38]V[2817KVP6*Z+;#;



36/4AF;_0 RO]IM9'
^=!TQ X&

C1/]AT_WZ=FNQ2S2LS\LIOL^:Y '@7R


M755







%PKS\4H-OU3CS?_A\F[[;M+B+]-T?%M-M@?VFP#X*[/_;

$%     @ CUU5
M3)=?MIFV 0  TP

M

N:H#Q=V=Z4'CG\98Q3V&MF6NM\#K2%*2


=D@347VID6S7.V7_\;)N^V[2XB_3=7Q;3;8']IL ^NS?['$+

5MUH+B]PQZT_].@4=SYT+3
]@9X'4E*LBQ)


MA

MMCI4!::-XV1)A8..H[S*+A/[D
5+^0N?QOT;-ZW0EES0^:N-%] @.O!6DCL_

$%     @ CUU53)#Q^S2U
M 0  TP

MFI9YS)UMF9O!2Z'A;(D;E.+V[032C 5-Z7OB2;2=#PE6YCUOX3OX'_W98L06
ME5HHT$X832PT!;U+CZ=]P$? 3P&C6^U)Z.1BS'
(OM8%38(AD%#YH

M2!F$T

MYN:_P14DPH
0&9ZC#


MTP
9=NYD&!E/H@6OH+[-ER
C]BJ4DL-








MA^T][NTT9U/@33\_(;:\X_(/4$L#!!0    ( (]=54R3)A%*M@$  -
#   9


G
M0

S.VNM\U.;9=@ .O4JA


MO)0









A6PC'6(=-A:+S#]SS
K=F

M'4=YE5TF]B&+E_('/HW[5VY;H1VY&H]7&R^@


#   9


M5:52(YU2M7WVP0)6;);8YDC^OK8A%+6H+]B[S
S.VNML1/-L6P!'7K7J;$Y;
MY_HC8[9L00M[@SUT_D^-1@OG0]

U2_9.7:G!XHJ: 6@W)/.#[ W,\'2N;FO\$5E(<')[Y&
MB<K&+RD'ZU#/*MZ*%J_3*KNXCM,?SF?:-H'/!+X0#K$.FPI%YY^%$T5F<1F


2ABZ.\

M$%MU()F]TCTH_Z?11C+G0]
2VQM@=21)06B2W!#)N
)E'G


- 6^2P_'



M9^&*TP/U9U.%9#R*^
^;MSY[*=


MX'0_/R&RO./R'U!+ P04     /755
R?5#WK8!  #3 P  &0   'AL+W=O



H%82\C=^S)EU*!N)Z_ZK^


W7]%V.I0-9@FCI
E)0Y='.55=IG8

$%     @ CUU53-VHN
JV 0  TP

M




9OL#4SP=*IN:_P04DPH



I

82@_UTC7:AS3=_QTG;Y=M;B-


3
M8O
[+OX!4$L#!!0    ( (]=54Q8$86%M $  -






M+W-H965T
C



M965T

 &!!VV/2LV?4$ET9/D



)\E'ID2K:9[&V


U? /WO3L9[[%9I6P5:-NB)@:JC#YN#L==P$? CQ8&N[!)Z.2


:YN$F5L,58&IXSI94FOXRHOHO/&/O)X*7_AX[I_%:9N


C'
V!DYWTQ
B\SLN_@%02P
$%


($81\&;]F3;RD#
2U?55_CKW[7L[
PJ
6/WGMN@+O
:JA
M88-P+WK\#'





*S.@!F7'V'0M7G.ZIGTT9@G$4\9\OWOKHN:#I74;.06C
M'$8
76!VR0PA7G[.0==R'.@G/EVG;U9+W$3Z9D%/O^S6!;:K MLHL/W0X_U5
MCVN8ZR1D
1&=-_:!QDOY#Q_7_0<S#5<6G;3S5QLOH-;:

MFS 0_BN6?T -3MJE$2 UK:I.VJ2HT];/#AQ@U2_4-J'[][
-82CE[X[[GGN
MN?,Y&[1YMRV 0Y]2*)OCUKEN3X@M6Y#,WN@.E/]3:R.9\ZYIB.T,LJI T

M8/XXPR

=1A74K!?N50\O
M



P



M-Y3

ML?(/PHDB
S@2
\V^%^&*TR/WLRE#
(XB_O/%6Q^]%IRG&;L&H1ESFC!\A3DD





[Q_69_2 


B:*E3\R
MQXK

7F%TR0XB7

MLR.@=L'\XFTS[MGH.-U-3XC
[[CX!U!+ P04     /755
/Z&EHKD!  #3


2YX;6QM4^UNVR 4?17$ Q2'



M
JM47(*R
,D) 02A<4F-^N< ]!&?
MQI])$\\A W%Y?E-_C+7[6B[


MP!PK
J
'9


M8;
AH';AN/=G
\[9:#C=35^(S/^X^ =02P










M+FR_^+T9YVP
G.ZF)T3F=US\ U!+ P04     /755
!O9/F;4!  #3 P


RYX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+'QSAK3;
M%2!E$T6MU$JK5$V?O3 %5^H;9;T[VL;EM(M+WAF..?




M\9(R$-?V5?TY]NY[.3


/MD@1 OO^2@6SF.
M]#\^W::GFR6FD9ZNZ+M/^VV!;%

M6E6;M$E1IVV?'3C JLTQVX3NW\\VA+&





GF/KY0



J

=_ %!+ P04     /755,^V3SP;4!  #3 P  &0   'AL
M+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-2YX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+'Q#EZ:;%2!E4T6I
M? #W,_^9+Q'%I6:2U6:X4
- 5^3 _'

F7E(&XMJ^


M
'^/H'#

D#)1748E#N&<<O
/=S3\G


MWN#3N'\7II&=)6=T_FKC!=2(#KR5Y
[/4.M?V!(HJ%W8?O1[
\W9%#CLYR?$

$%     @ CUU53/U?@Z.W 0  TP
9R.:9]L./*B56=SVCK7GQBS90M:V#OL



%PKS\4H-OU3CS__A\F[[?M+B/



Z9



M

M971S+W-H965T





M^3^U-I(Y[YJ&V

_FS($XRCB





3L7
M(3G59BFO2+42Z-F1.$

M^!9XJJ^5M@%4YV]PG?0S^U1FA4:LIQK#HVJ11-(N.SQWA[(!;O #]JZ-1H

M*C@(]K



M

M49IN\$0)C:X=!WEU+U0%I;@UVO[?471H H_87MM)?&^:@W_+[VE\9_E&Y;5N


M3-E@U4L@E2
QBD/?3S C'??RU/F.
D_%H&G'X2B1&A@C\F\!5(R9%W@7QTO7


QQA@-0:H5

3U_:+^[&HWM9R(@H.@?[I*
MMYFW\U %-1FH?A'C5YCKN??07/QW. 
I


M/7$MA :3I']GQKHU2[\8%&IMKP_F+J?1GPPM^GFK\?+7DO\#4$L#!!0    (

M;'U4VXZ;
!#]%8L/6'-+2- VF2U:J56BK;J]MF!X:+UA=HF;/^^MB$LFZ^
MQ)[AG#

MI2
QBD/?WV)&6N[EJ?.=9)Z*7M.6PTDBU3-&Y-\#4#%D7N!='2]MW6CKP'G:
MD1I^@O[5G:2Q\*Q2M@RX:@5'$JK



M]\U4JXSWDH?;*
47*S1A#B
F7&!V_@S!1GZ.$:[%.(1W_/!SA.
](MZL1XA6




)4?.W\WB6YEZOC$$


=6/'?M2_TMR$


M%'T5PP
L^+TS49.N3=


MPPU*8
8
M\\3(F\-_A1LP [=.S!J58

A6 A^
M]%].!/#0%/SES4CU33(I-B].1T6 .UWX1_#
UF5K;I]LZ]
VF5Z=Z*((TS

1N:-NA-!@1
F#T6O-Y5\*!HVVT]3
Y70%


!]L$#A+*D.*XA8A=%W0




-1PE^]-5ILWQ#J


W3?ATTX2 V7J


M970T-RYX;6R%E-N.FS 417\%\=XQ=Z((D)J

M7]L0Q







%%X1@I/

+9-#L#



MBP]8@X%L% '2)E752JT4;=7VV8'AHO6%VB9L_[ZV85DV07W!
^-SYN89LE&J
U$

NLIXV\ /
S_ZLK(87


LQR_P%Q/



B'O=&_O1[M T\N]NI@7\3E738TNTMC9\2]<2VG )AD^V*EN[<XOH/:




MM
FJ:J56BK9J^^R024!K8VH[8?OW]86P)*!V7V)[..?




M&C ;A\$33!:



$%     @ CUU53'Z@0[;! 0  (00  !D   !X







CGSK3Y3

0+%Q
_:26_L9.N%
MF_1FF21;Y_GS!U4E*[SA1=R<5CN\7RGZL!ZC?;2V'/WI]-*:< J1@_V1G;V

$%     @ CUU53''4L#2S 0
MU0

M@$5O@DM3XL[:?DN(J3L0U#RH'J1;:946U+I2'XGI-= FD 0GZ6*Q(H(RB:LB










#YJQE\.VW\P  !@Z
R$:AN;K #

KTP]\^XK#/E@

M_FN(!T
\



%9F2[1?='?H/U \79X'-#X0A7_ %!+
M P04     /755


M970U
RYX;6Q]5-N.FS 0_17+'[#F%A)%@+1)5;52*T5;M7UV8+AH?:&V$[9_
M7]NPA$U07_#


#GD.


MG?#G
-XDZ41;)T03(9H)X?\)\42(;P3?33)FYDO]1 TM
B4'I
;'ZJF;B7 ?

0ZWZ.$:W%.$0/_.ACA.
C
M(MFL1XA7JX@]/U[RU^G)*CWQ].1#$\*[)HR8U&.$QVRVR39
[RIYA(7Q-@UW


:N/$K975./RC8F0_[369?R[%/U!+ P04
M /755
W3

/E


^Q=
M6
.T%KN7NLCRDEV\4
<_XFZ@(D<Y[0UNQ=BLINY7GB;(B#18+UI%6O3DQWFIMOSLB8X3?#2DAGH!




M?9/$ PTF! 

4L

MP#9$Z7(H%(\.*1:+G37T'TQ'IPK_\%M]9\H!PAZ\-%\\,9N_.)B@R@64D2
M=/.;GWMOTI@:PL^FAPNG9)=6Z@XPL8YS8F/&Q
R^U?/#-+Q_;NSP^8[YN6Z%


$












MPU/EKY)+EDU6F++.;!E59KN('\3]2H6 H/B5F7-]=1XU77FQ]K6Y^+I9Q&G3

)O#Y_S_XY=-YWYD77YM'FO[.-VR_B

UZ%1''6]_V9.)O?RIB6^QMKF=?B-UL?:V:++XIM2Z+?V



_V0)#[]I0:A&BOJQ1

@-6)R@$:&1GPXP XK&3!V&,#' #R2B5
'
M4O8@%CC&&!21-RB5(-&7J8(%P*UO6*2 5]@*,4(6,(0)S!R8CS$$B2
M#)@DRD =GU+@$ARHQ[#*:; $@9O@=$3LR&6 )%D1B-A0 FPU[,$B23SB D#
M2@)8PKR,+-'-
 2))*

*D@7


\7%DR6 #   #$@  &0


MU2*







 $@:0(8\KHS=ZL$&#G%211
HFX#Y.^I!!@YPTDF

D$))F^2])C




MC99M;YLP$



2#Z#3I#8A;B@L(C.!2@@,U*\EZ-W-NFY!+E2TS  DOD@
M^-T-N2FY! $+WP
F $CN@Y!)NI]P@LSG$_L\@)(4.2UP=@4+KI:8 EB3HD^A

MW0]V9*$CQSIQ-%H(]6%)[/RV(N#7ASP8A(O[@-!\]+!UYLXL5_+&@!.@K
ZE9VKGX8=PEXCV5K@3 S\</(R\1\ZE\)8!^9EH8

+8RYCCI[C!Y*P


M8.9Y16/0-0*=/!Q+M +
4FM





KIZ

M[Q#\J7X=@']F5AA^9ZE^N6=TQQ3G$=:I@!TJSTNN8I=HAJ(F!:H9_)'PY3
M[=!V3N0+2O1RI;CX8_H=HI_(%]+/!
]C^CVBGW0W*/TSP?.8?8_83\7K ?LS

8TCSF&J?TX_SJ$0OF33O
=(^IR7G:8E^+OX8:9_3D_.@/B]7FHL_

Z@T8_9#3G0L(?39Z&/V0


MMPB[;^RD
/P1M-NX5[^(L8XY_;:(ZNT
)A$S'7/:;9&6V^?.I40

M;H]
^HB8_9C3;(N(?2YX&/V8TVN+%/W9X#'';7(Z;1&CCQU)P9W+ :TV[L5/



M0UL=-^.IZ?7YZ/;=_U!+ P04     /755
MF2 /;$!  #3 P  &0   'AL


2YX;6QM4V%OFS 0_2N6?T!-2+ID$2 UK:9-





Q.7^
<?@
4S_WE$S-?X4K2 \/3GR-$J6-

@
#L2

6;

X1Y^;E&NE;CE+[CI^OT

X3^Y#&





MTATH_Z?61C+G0]
0VQE@521)06B2W!#)N
)%%G
3F
MT$..-_@M\<;UH4$*;*.-? +W._N9'Q$9I6*2U6:X4,U#F^VQR.NX/@#\<
4]R!$$/(VGB9-/)<
Q.7^3?UK[-WW

N(#P\./$U2BUL_**RMT[+

MN(WTW7\6/Q'8K0KL/@KL;]_UN())M^^*D

3
M(O




M
M'7'_)O/M68
9N$
0G#MP5^G_*PJ[G$:_=3N)
TGAQMP!&G0?36!D#)X@[/

2O3C/-L!

M.2F%Y%0;4U9$=1)HX8(X(V$0; FG
M38NSQ/E.




M(B



+R=X &D+?Q/FKBJ60@





MUKEN3X@M6Y#
WND.E/]3:R.9\Z9IB.T
S^5CE.@B 04+K P/QQAB<0(A!Y&;\G3CRG



%)4_

MF;'W'0M/O-E3WYLR.&
KXC\OWGKON=@^[#)R#D03YC!BZ *S2V8(\?1S#KJ6
MXT!OXNEZ^'95XC:&I_])W%Q)7


[L_8Z'[5YM1V 0V]2
M*%O@SKG^0(BM.I#

M5N9&C\A

6[ _5G4X5D/(KXSYNW/GLITV27DTLH-&..$X:N
%FR0(@O

5??]P;?$6DR;_$4DW1=);D2R[$KG%I
G^2H2L



@D130$-E#2:M37;R,P 0A49D1T'%++]\?LN]W/(P\*U-V[
MLMUI%1D1?CQ__N[CSVF:.7D4_#WWC^
\RO[SFWZ[_XWS91E&Z7]^\Y!EJ_??

MSVGPES]G?SF)Y_G2CS+'BQ;.-










__;I[.HCK

MN#-!1


M$&_G @@'KJIFL4F.1W*?/BH\?EYX,V




M5G&8&=T-

M2-

!W@'1\C4Y]




M; O87?A/_
*+L.9E7\O4+'ZEPF-



MT1SDI]H]&V!&F@B$
(:[6#L4D:@5]!N77F.$_.0SNQ'MG3(U=D&8/3/]60
M 4T20=P&WE45(NMHQXDBU7\B@6_'*3=0GK(4M%!2T)U(
EM]-4-!JTE-/O%7

M9/&VIZP
JWHK@QH:WUVPQ6$M533?]T3I#YM5;@/-[Y)X03UT4]+.%O9[P:\
MKQMCQR$*T;9Y/AR[OL+6?@^P$]=W@

M(T&=U8V@0PH5_@
)W*
7X@9=)&O'
1H?%@B^\36+J?
U;QT2R[U/[N5Y5S$


XR
M7O@A3E3K'Q9Z
_\'WP@R(7O2 ^R 0'YLNM!^F5V?.%<!EZ<W]


M&;FY$?.]
'P^X./J'@!(R


[3@S/PQ@
MK-1YL(00(EL9N7' 0$9 R78!G\Y@O4'QCQC+T^JS.61X!7G]/ZF]6%F_7!

V.V-^K3TO:';'DS<87<$$BBQ@0(4PO4'=(]<*
+H[$ CBN_= 6]E)(1A

#HL%7:;QGF.F&:XQ5-F4W$#[K
MUUJ!HW%C





M[XHM&##C&P9W_@M'
%C7CT\=M5EZ5VY 85T1U


6$Y[*6Z2
MX((?T T

M
MB+PEO BQ.;9S2Q#)L=P%G[)

M1!$'?3C&'9P#S)J O;.ZXP7R'![6G#_]/'CT?4OR')OSKZ_.#L].S[ )OC




MQ
[7^R'  *XO5PPHYA)






855W
MOE@_M01^%WQ12Q.C'U%6

*
$X)=L:2E
A


P






MO

M3


3Z'1G0.5N)SP4SAH\*E#13
MP0 +6'R3BP-UZ,QL]L5SRNB^SX4^NF12
?YS+NC_$L1:--R]F_ :V5HP.T

#-S?=J5GYZ=//!.;HY=D:=

G.3-G:H)'4.W=#R

MD$:CUF#\SND


M8M
V3



ML/#




MN1:$&7QECZ9V5:U\.&W.6HSP[5 Q K%K31M+ BF;\4QA@V?[!IKPAJ(1N7

1.G?.

L#JT U%G%R])M


O8C\5
M/9E\Q1(6QD%KQ0$8069V9)85;]5PB@MR^;%[.E' 9[BXS@SD&)S_&=@T#PV4

*6
MTO&^YJ



!__ZHA.O5Z\

MYHSMY6
)9D- H = 8M4 DYBD.R1C#[!E\%N8
-
[B+XI[I\$$[UJ\2[;:C
M1\@M#2Z.$N5I12&F?IVQ!;Q)1B)^!*9)-ICM/; EN&@U8(FGKDF$-D.%





KY


F!()L69-_PPFEH@LQC 0P^A^0&O8 J.T4U
IMT: K;D  2I^


NM $PAA_:;%$#T

8

O/$:+4BI@:)2

2?7[UW9)P4T!

4K$1O!.:B
M5KRHP(X[6WD9TR?T'<X <6(SO/$KXX7ST+)\TY+9\.[PA_HZIOF2TT#F_
I

MO^8N+-)61DJ.32-P.O75()O20+E!V8U1#X*WD.)76C$
E74F]/DDFK.7ML


E]MXKI1\H&@%GSU.I

_GL@Z)D1(O5O [*Z;B
K)E
MN:I8:JQL&X%2A

'^UE.C!_V0
DJ\0&(E)LC!V 1N2E8K+
MZ=I/N1;N#=



M.(!V=3C70%;AC07YI+&TL$S
H-/5VL




]D?M




H-XA^

(#0&D'I@V;E-Z)

*)]'B^JBT.

;ZM*$)JD3(%
/Q


+0&0J

MP
E7BJO;YO32[4$M5!^]ERE#A8O8OS!GLL @(GI/*Y]@?M=P=JFI=3_L9+


;KC)EH F
LJ@&
M/:M];NSNH*5BH4A6+)7)HHJ3YKVQH:2=$\5R&S2Y#12*EMK@-FM79 _S5-W*


ZBOBQ+#5.BI*!+ 5S82D:@0X \@(U@[GRMB2\7M
M*NNX5'[9BNBRSS9#(_3+P_!+

MRW8(_+PB.3G[-7)6K2!E'


!3X097ERIA\8
?42U:ZF&F7SSU/0H=


3

%H45S)LSDY_3!7L\,I#MHLB16HPO8*FAH,7N4N< N3UDT
MUT[;'V$;%+K@5N! B_W<3B)9/.?!.=3+2Q

&T)D2[M9&@^[#KQCF!A
MKN KRFAN H'0F.V[2HGWU6JPFA=F+2$T\'D _P

M[B\JFA-BXL94M.RBT@Q%)1S5B111?FRU; N98^0IDYFZX:*TJ]2V]:IGE*



TN=7VS.4J.7?UCD_RG [&;GLDI=-0


I79_5%-7
MLUGDE0(V=8%OKY*+.






9H!3BCMF9
M E-=




D^%L.-U8LJ]\4OWQ34[? :*50
M@R'%M_7(
AR/W&ZW

MYVG[8FSHJ]18










:U^F^!5Q&&^'2:[\I7
:[PZ7SKA0'


M]&JGZF2OZ&2;?K\LJNJ[9KWK.\[_-IJQ[SE4? V$MU%[X(ZIL@#\TE
-I
=C
M4*XYZ+V-^2?8?E)(:QMQ:JHKB1[*_SM&@P3UHE*_3*61UW['';1';F_4/\ Y
M1LY^UYV

M7W7 1N0^#^ZHX
LO=!E+9RSOEWXET R
\@3]UJA=_55^:&.4.;:7U2\/)I4?
MZ6]

M!2RUWR-JYH*QT'XT;VHR/(&/+C]^/+O%GN
WU(+\^/+B]NSB^^G%
;87GBY7
M8?R\M&N!W5;I



M%D=YR3;J_YTRD6.G^ZZ!7R=8 2T'F6J62_
*FF@-9)LA#R\5!;SO\Q]
M'V0)+9GKEXE*7,#B SB[ !BZKJ7MT+65^QX+:Q(5/N8OY4*[!UC0H%;E&W

\#8N4V855IH%\:$G
MW5_O5:7]&ONDA@K;-*M9X
M72CITECJHXG5SK(8;LH62Z(D01Q.L@1G*$XB
M\L^%/386=2OP+\

NO;D/=&R.56M6JU7H=JG2G$ZWRWVZ^2
MZ8IM6B4
::.8U1\=?@Y0D


6F%O W84$DRE$A7*RL










MY6MU
&9U4'#TJ)0CKTI.
:J6O]$5HDE'%LK4)FW;&E!XHIJ1)$*Z.1@-0K

2A/E0*
B<.*-QEV1$%.9J6 H<;5S[\@M
$*W
M%UN+K8*.UE&953:0D/(5-CO5QZ762ZFJ#5CJ
KI:UB20B:1<_1R;G7E%ZQ*C1Z'@;A2#((_9VK!G


M&#/9[R+VF:Y0IPM8G/F593L)@/




MKJ=VZ*+C3_UJ*_B'I6[A[M]Z7T# 4%/4(UP'$.[LXOCRX]2Y/?JOZ8USE#6)




MQ#[?4D&TCR$&]+$AE

S\
M!F;V-4&H'N=XWZ


HP83!
#KSJ-S7&74._PFDVB?K


M3;4D6=33]JYFE-/;V_






MX3J4AJC2@I3ZR


;




[6V

M( #8M&CN$L(U:/7?Z4@;Q
JR.3%<V:<\ =/
1 R@@S(+VY:**&V3
MJO&0=#^K *(FBMK64G+KF32#I2C.K^A@GC#FKFJ@-D]' #AXOSA5A2RM)
M?7-*Z8]J%XPECWL,R_SLT]AS[=RLP8*4R6+A@8!9GN+T$5MI;7RHG:&.CMY


GBD'AM:I4?Z[-6[/Y










AI2#] H=6[L@X-4$=F(-P)P95&Q0O7UUWQQS_PV(AU
)DW+



MHP)@3F1+9RJVS&0




=H]BW?CGG1Z-H5_)[:OXC73]

;]5KI27X5
4S)8-T@=G$

M9!%@R89:U%J*K#P

M]'7P\08.;:6\$C_ _X3;D*\U7^WPJCWY@WI64)5ZFGVZT[7%S(9TS3Q4_$8/



N_/J^YK=67F]_PZT4+
JEM+5X4\;J(
M$UJ&
J&
M,N8'D0X_0_L!  4UX.39@J$B1FKD&9\.=Z4F(S\%XS)M$I,WVLRWV!6*J;#



-!5D\5



B)!LRY:8



MB1EVH5*CYK[J4D0*TJRLH*DVCN7,P9J4FI0L*-!4]ODIV/P[8)E4A#$Z#Z
MXY$[4MHW2%14;6]LN@VV%.9M40JOTAW:E'3!AP(&J&5JZY7$8RFG!Y?V*=5M
M/51U6]G;?6B7;[7BN@KW^I

ME!Z

=O]=]K4..=.[3U%GUY*(T*VV4[


@#WC



M


MT\%V86Y_

0M1B!I=G@K*JT@R54LQ];!F &Q^50L?
M?MLC+UP6'*H'KQ0:LR!@I=L832OO;GS!&KZP[;$UC4WK1=(DV9@M4U_B,YB
MN&:=%=GK#9P=QW&$91'5C&LBVT8)(6L6Y8]]U.+QME/\P0 Y(V3'31.J$A
MV*+_TJPG49E'##+H&=$F3]V/+GS6X1-U


1+OE(V89X U;!^'7?HD
M*TH3 ^.K&Z2W9!EHAN*+QGN505!DQ_Y(0&SZK$\6-[7V?8Y^5U@*:K.N1;%F

M=O\69.&Y
^YW850C@$W7J9(H
MPK$N:BF!87+TJ:A5&4!7(2D2@QIJT7-!



O//WZH1JI[(C4-OY97[%]?J:\^O#^=7'^=4






VV*ZTOV+@9

M=;*^V!@T4S^C%;DHI82H/K=^X06EH=YTZL':3O4[&S VRMM5/C5O:?N4(%BS
M!%LJS56[HT[?W6U3VPRZVXA:+B]*B
%(#UQZWZSYQ9+\_W'V-JSI(L^2X&_8


MAU?N+_HJ:'XFD6%I
W:7:(JY^9

N^

.+/#RCO='8;_
0\!
HWC?Q54CO)[&'NP[=@[

/8?-*-


AKVN34-U=OW9WDZ;-96_8*$&#R&B68(!IBX8)Q6J_
QY=[!R'E5I2?%=@K,"45Y%L%J_.!Y55)@AJHS

M(L41O#]Y^[


&D<BJ)! Z:NF0/C

X$T@YP)TC#DND%);\1G?L8.M\
M$@*-/5V6FC7:!D,Q[?8!N=99DBF67)HM*PXIS@R.)'EA6B5*SP25$DP;
M*4&YX
@RM#
:0\LFF-([\XC^R-:T%QEP8\R1^! 8BM;4JV[
_M1\B[RJYK17

N/E.2
&.R:



6=L6/5M?3XKX/^@ WSFQ7J[;LR
MN5

%LC_8$D5R(I)G

MF(@\SA!90N2E]G;8RDMG/'SF_X?($Z+Q)$






H




M*22F5$A@A01YTV=*A0162% *B2D5$E@A02DDIE1(8(4$I9#(H5 R$X^%!*60
MR*%0ZEX ^X0S*85$#H52=P

RA

_156X6%ZI9MJ
MZ5C\LW\J2
AX9_YQUS17
.VN@Y/=.'U8QOO#OQ?_ E!+ P04     /755





MS'DHX?H3[\8%QK^\=_E_EF_W^]
V?VVW/R^Y&3ZH^+M %3X.DOD@H0?I?)#2

MM_'U-JW\?4VH+?Q]7:@M_/U=JW\_5VH+?S]7:@M_/U=JW+_M$GVLY.OM



\N;*;O

MCF(J1T&5HZC*45CE**YR%%@YBJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4606*K )%
M5H$BJT215:+(*E%DE2BR2A19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HLBJ4&15*+(J%%D5BJP*



              ( !M@(
M 'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE

M4$L! A0#%     @ CUU53# /G4#. P  21   !@              ( !/PP




M
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     /755,6VW1$)H#  G#@  &

M3#MY8

O


00  
02   8

4     /755
EJ9SFK8!  #3

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (]=54R77[:9M@$  -


MIFVT 0  TP


M970Q

M% 
4     /755
DR812K8!  #3 P  &0              @ &%


M -



  !D              ( !


4     /755
M1[5L]K8!  #3 P  &0              @ %


#   9


M  @ CUU53-VHN
JV 0  TP

M:&5E='



4
M     /755


#


M4$L! A0#%     @ CUU53&)I[M*U 0  TP



YX;6Q02P$% 
4     /755
/Z&E

M=#
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (]=54PIU2
'M $  -
#   9


MCUU53 ;V3YFU 0  TP
  !D              ( !.%

M='


MTP



4
M /755
B.'I




4     /755
RW_9%^$!



O



  !D






M%     @ CUU53-TS+0:N 0  V0
  !D              ( !6WX  'AL+W=O


4     /755
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ CUU53$@;



 0  6P
  !D              ( !



M  @ CUU53$M.
\B[ 0  ]P

M:&5E='
D  !X










M$ 9!.OGYS6.23#^\?X]OX*^]
'IX[R;1^^1E2M[#0R?P%(F\\1OV7OT+0)'Y





^-/?N@DBDO&'C0'
M*.SRZM.;4E\7NOTWXXV2!A[[_.OM^9M?K.' ,/LEE@K-S3CK<#)!90_'?]R
MGI+X.DUP%L?Y8U''E_I0
W13Z)J]#N;?U_61I5EZR;DOZ*9


EF695H#H9O:
M1C?MMC*\01]6*EJ3;L]3\BW\2GSP]BYXGL0C:YJ/J8_ NPOJ
+?A;71?%:P]



YHWZ
MWGC$NJX/85TD]+O=#JLSQ
#2AIJYK+]E;N(J##;SD;8Y&IC+W5&UGUU05\.E

MKPO&ODZW39U%WQP



SIRIESA^8S2JZ98V$


A1G[-' W'O%L#')9\]LC97G<L@DM7\D3=(2(M*-8;G/
MWZO#UT158RTT;[4N$K.HU3^3@$2.#V




-:@XGI*4
3!


;!&
M^E!8O


OQ]?C3Y1.MI




-N\S*:97)7G;EALK)Q+NFI.T08J.!J-3'U'9&U'S_;K<W8LM+$
:-:T(1N29+XA.5A?/82[X%N1^]JD;B\M[7HVD#-C&%Q/'%'U&W'U^Z1
M=9OS*-\4)$F1^+0TW!H1EY )/PNV. 2\D2;NAKHVC'N1IG=[X$M
?.E&!QX^
ML




^\6VW(


MGIA]YCFL[I0[O







EXAVIHOMDE2;152J?MF4IBN2G#%T\^2YQ/WX
M\FM

M@Z[A9YK0 &LJNIF1 ZGU#4Z?@4H-N]L9I57+&^V$T&*U_X6X7CK)[PANR$AS



:+:VH

+\HR[?D6;HO!AC7J6R:_

P_BGB1

$'S0OXGR=W89*$DP\]







- B?A]






MQLQ

.89I'L;*IJ XO6=22& 5S@*_E7ZD5XI5YA
M$P$T3PU#2/\(B+.?0*RH5,5-/M ;XU/,G@0%E7/N]D;6?/.T^.Y].-._H\




J'
MG(W(.




P
XD (*\!]A
MJN+9 OB[KO^()I'%V*A@:Y=\FRSJYIY9W/*1PS7[:5J[.B\


M6G;LP

M3'+KIHL:]JJX1F&[%/'8#V









MR@3CUL!HUKT15.4B/1$6:\E_I

MLAY7P=+(+J







M.'P(O$6ANJXQHNCC-\(V@2(VR'\3FG^3)=#QE2[#6M03\])I;-
CIJE\&
3R






L&CB9WD*.R(4H40
MC_T<9I6+6/XZ?0/)QH,KO-,3&!:%Q*OS9$(<%F!EK:!0_T.OA71!2IZBS%?

#(/








MORXD&]%F9O:E


)V=V6\Q;S2N'%$ PY\UN5P][C&TT!_:






LBN.R;[UG

M5YW+W]
0=/$1D.SN8N);W-/XMMK.P#.MKTCS87F7!K3!!^_9!M
LQLZ.&%

J]&R:LT3E/Q




M8
&Y


M8\'7+$5&/

M'6/](=+2:0B'7=S#RE-AN1G\4=='JDD3 _IUS8K2R\:[[HBLV1'INJH-+;4_
ML+8Y(M-0-5M71YJ^^H#PM-1




W82 Q?


I4YI48 QROG&G#HOPICAQ4Q9RW!W-V<FVI<Q6U6S3^S(
MWR7X!W;\%O2.T$4ZN\%-$8J!WB).PP
6BO/T63@&P6]K@G2H<G&)+!U;H7L$YDEV%$-84Y& +
E#9+0J




7S%W0I3&^?PR-T[$#8;!U3

6D#])QWO;(G4R?P)C+#P[P
*?662JP%H5#GA6?7GLC'*/N?<H+(@*NU3.

MY'4 \CJ ?5P'4!C1(I

I/%?9


MTB4FDE^C*M![?5__4L/+:6$P


3M =AV/)V!'D[@KP=0=Z.L-;M 6^FP?8RNM_\/WTR@&Q(OXU



MN2-XP&$&N2





M^%=4DSD:M5[BH%;;;5UZ8



0&?\VC8O(9



MZ

H80 MC!MDMN'2^CLB]G\W1V0TQ3G8;2U8_FS7O@II9A7




+S1%.L


%-W/NB5U\/8!PY4ZI

TV%

MP-JD[QL$9[8R


M%.N&*4V+I'

M_


HN

M?J9LZKS08U+PE:





M^





M:1K%*5H$_'8F(*9S4!CE;4SP6MB$*/8[

M-]56U.



ZVIQP&L
'2YVF'75D]+$=T(O;[

L*:/Q(W_
M_J\]=X!P6BDRFD.&%(D2'E^A&'0WAF%

M&J=W_\2KN^'[

MG+T'709C/W49D

F+07KO^%C)]ZF'\KHETX0S3&-P7WE[#S*D

ML+

MWH



')?D;BZ732PH%1'$!&H*W&5+






M-Q


N).L@!?XNAA(OO!&'+XQ4@4 
4[KA;(
M[)#.

M!_Z5
'EN .


MY


MM(K

M[Y$&W6&F[JL6
8SD@BF7 8Q\!N?/$ O]X1OUO
 92GS&*O:':N+-Z8!1KE
MGJIR4NG&@CBY81(76D2):XP0KOL15S]L*B#/C!AD:QHP)7&5?
6901DNC\)C










M?)5@9@SF2^$X]?
%;UQ:LOG%DHVZ!D?
^JIF%A3NAJW=9I9N;CH; BTMX/+$
M ]UXUWY6E_C*+*$O*BX?89'1\(



$&E
\W8ILT

M^
*:X^W7ZT]?WQ6P6.!%N9/G


M2^Q

M//+%8WTGR@0T&(%D9HHN;0X\!WA-@'K@$
YXJ(Y\'\/BE-(.;MQ_*45D:U6#
MK:.G/#TH#686]S




M$V%:XK4HJ7
2++0*1!2EJE;$^O\M@C(($AB6H6(H8J#&8*XL*JGB4C+K269%



N$\I[VW]BQP(.S21G


MNXA/I\I)WGZ%-TL/9QC$*?I P89^.IP)N6P#!.5&W;#


M$T:Q&&_I3+,=@&+V #DI$?H,1$H\WG\! !&1T['=#K31Z8IGKIX-V]+K9JY
MR;;'A#&#[1 

7NSAUP;/9GO($
].!I</ ,9],OZ?8'F]R9+M T:@?W28H-$H 3;JB70B1!DT?*F^S
M#!ZVP
Y6C-EO3 WQP#$W/*ZOJ#RX^[&#^D9@130#GO)X0*&#RO!
CG3)OU K
M$54-?LRS=E(Z*&%B9#


+433 3*

M%01J&!9[5SMG[$72LQS;&H



_4] QJA


M*1L]8W65.







MG.PV3)0')^7!20G:Y

M:)$ZR(.3BYSIG(.3?WJ_VC' [


M;N@#
'.P\HR$.:UNV&UEW








M@09YG14G03
EWTDT]J +P/YCJJ@_]+21
@7:6?,2G*BJ-([+)(#S]Y[3ZRN
M[ND'K-5%6\R(:X'6N^_S+S\3*2]D4A@F]_Z!KZF X5-(868:\^$B7I+!R
M]'BD+\91*ZQ



^4C(F




6G68)



1VZ2I/(




M.=B)N1):6*I5
P4NV.PZ4]_BW0P@G-W8VP4FS/8TY^[;\+43LH'/\#R$!2_=
MIX%+-0G#
KV!

M@:7WK1VN:0; P6;Z;L*;M;OW(=I!$)H['BL#BP%!@#4]!WB+POYV5 H&H=
.AS--<C,X/M;-V!E<[;)FULJ&*%39V


%W:(;'8!I&$.K.V[4PONL=[C'MHZ6



M2$?+SVH




M]X'6


V\EY



YVZ3V$E2LKM?#

 !=HBO'=TH+R$@TT%$T


3E; /+0V+\TRPI:OO!RL_#H \%;
MH0 /58KQL7JQ\



D=7SELW=/%]0?B=.U..)HG:




]9'?LOA[)H*.!R]9O2.Y8=+IJ-+Y+[7#DM]\$CQV(




M6%E(JYO.6

1+#S05?C:R&5*^-II
MGRGA:W?0BH2O1PA?S:,$0!NYXKLP<DGT(0@#PO_.:(M#WW.5.]\9_Z'H[9ER
M)=1=#^IV3M#@1QM(6<+B=L'B)JY8PN*C\<420C/$U#E1+S%I;?W[# :X.[]
.24#:5C\FX6-+)GZ)]UH77I5PHCWK=3=,
M[WS5W%&BX+DNCY234U7[<%Q7C&QFPAJ:\7=[YGR1EF)1ULT%NEP6X%S=SSJ





MP25ER;?P)HV0#0+0^+OCIPO)7
+U&1




\XHUJM&_5[BWAA773G

MKA\_7U_:@VPEKK\VO#=6WLSLAJ2WL)FY54FW9P5L5%? G9:TU3(/GB_9!Z_N



.G:W5.PEEWM&%1[OR*VH!)@;?C




-TT=G6BC9W6\0(7
MF/?A!
^7'U*9@NV/;IBI2(BZDXUOG4.*NF'US-W7PQ*M8NUS7+R1@G?0S1W^


MSYQL2ZS@*N4'




LZ


M-^MJ'098-0PP-'



'=D?]-1:%MO;:7/;+FMDF!D?
MRJ6W!^N$!^Q!5ZM=83=W,T%TI50JV'!=F.=6*
^Z$@Q+%B9;4]K!D9/ZVB5






!0]]VRB1Y9@MGN@MEV178EF-V5TY1@





MU;/\SJU TOM@R]=A6]-G*9$KUVVF=*^-H=M+AZQ'5YG[VDU7;&NV#+YV



+1%8Y$.


O8FCA___.;RZM

E@_
MP@Y?2*1\T!^HXI$W*]DXG@!?'\&I$3..$D=_[-W3RZ#WXD3Q9L3W._9\ZEM






M:XG=+\C)

&_NCWLHH]OCT0!99LZ



M!3@Z!FF0(*9



Q)
_H7-PS/&CQG!


M.WR;TJ5X@?*OE




:3
MT+$[.'JP=:!QS!N M_@+RH2XWA@


S04I



M-.KI[NE^^C)C4
6SLZ&V)Y_J_11?DM_U?X+YB:6(EBU(3&
;.($P&M(1K!.
MX+5B9L!AX(\'8]+_.$KQO!*0]@#GT71H99J2,#X\.38P03)3R-+SI%OFL





]0FU:-)*@*\)&


&U1TA)VU

M0ET_Q/4IP%T$\1

U
!1?1
MB@4+SF#%3@RT+V

MN5. 7/ @^
%/C* ]RLCQ0QM#?@C!Z-X(( H C0A6!Z/4[#0P(D$6P$
FWLH?
MQU\B(4JO _B?A+
78#T%))!0FW2
1UT+UBZ!NJ7P(ULU92S)U(D;VJ8V=Q&7

 U A

6.

MA
R0@@_R7#/X6J07P!9:KIG
S8Z1;CJ8W&I0]H0S(
MDCF&Y,V!<G?.+;/,:4Q#Y*JX**6!6!YP+[\3^(<9%/E=9*7X$+8Q]]F$AFV

MD6;

; 5((P#3 K3!-


&G8.3T_267.:=QD\0R(Q]6 *HJZ-[KGA5

M#  ASR?EE3DU0E*DFW/+$4G .\


M0@J2



=/F#_Q

J9\(OQA?N62^F

;T N!'T+\<(+)+U<3TM-(?$11&
U_+3D1
MH?^.EL4JG
2'5Q

%=SJJ;=6
Y7T?5IRYH+GNQ0



M!V/4OD3M




S Y0$2=J
.+A
MO

#K\@^S^D&N\T

J4+


M7)^TUXSC!&7R9*(PDB [ADD1[.M:U@-FLC$0_
!+
ZFWH+%O]L4&&IF.H7C8


1;0N\L1M)BMH5.=53
M)MQ&G]XDZWY_H[6PFWQ-BD2ER5&(0_HXP7W1
PV:$E@(RW.$RAV/ZDFQWS1V



3 LVKN=
ZH:$



E&5-
M%G%BU--/)J&/UN43&WO\.^[3^WS#XF?C]M;;G+#O?;HGH0PU%QNW /-;Y_


M(:0(U0OFN3)TD+D]?)FH)

M5=


MT:(F&Q.

O@:97


KM32^=FD?<+:\U036:D

MNJ#RAU2R )UR1

MY;*\



M%NW'.8UPYI1=DC7WR60(&6+ZFN8*U,5D+=114G59D/FBM*1\U.I(;+I%%I
MN5:J
C5:O.AW(D


7Q'?WM\QW8[996V4Y;T^(Y^98_OR.JB
(Q/K#1W^64X'OF)5

/?&WA-YL&KRPVTGBL)
6/-
D4S
MVX\__'#$\.#P1_SXPY$\IQM/!9_
@):?=V=!

#S]


(W-V:E+**8VMWWE(6HZUQ
M*BZK
-K:G3?A]-:D%




.:Q(

M72QKVVNCVAO

J4J ?D2J&:^5*]4PCI? M5,Z^F5RJOF2Z:V3]]?=)_A1UQ5; $
M*I4 S)= -6-=O5+)AGP)5#

R9NKD]



E4+AZ5S
/V:Q4'C)?O3=9 H6K=S63O
3O2=YD12N

Z\


:\


QF




M3U+X@WA)\C$:Z80Y[IWE9(RUC%XY6.K)HX.(R'A&MN7\^6'JNH'C!NP



/'4NC4=4THOIP!E
)AY\=V898\L&9?U*O^?Z


Z-;#?
M1EX7/]*ET:]T'1TDYK$XLX&7%(WA378UUS.9]_.NOM^04YAZ[MW+2AP\U@%



M
S5;M+''/W*_?/SC_P-02P
$%     @ CUU53&Y)J
6:$@  5.\  !$   !Z
M:79O+3(P

C
Q+GAS9.U=[6_CN-'_W/LKV 5:7X%U'


MDQ788 HN/%]\@P#SIE]Y/\X!Q_YN]6:XODB -\/_P;LP\/3KGUHG8+_&X]_
M^:?]RYGUH_7OZY]N[5_^^;-U_Y\#\/7KUP,)0W*3$+I=#I4Y[2$@ OGLW.?


H



MJ;G!-O&-M





SJ/X53AGX/N=RC9]F]5+VP1)L[4%(K^N2H6-%6G_]*

MZ*&'V1-OBY ]S'Z&E/(&9A/1^Y0FL1
MM47TSXHMXE0
$!E.?X4KPOX.-@S/


IJR@V43 UV(Z99$[R1(VCG




MFE%3*DY


MBJATAAG@W

L6^@^H2S4G]+.
M[V.TNE7K]O@J1!-219

M5:-+SY( Z1X4U8H_:BC%*K_P;..EY29R-B3+)8Y.+H@P$Y&-RJMKYL':.AJ'

MU$)51UD34E+

'F;CC.@E


MV$&/D*_1]CJ_L1


MOV*=P]LS6-_X
^\]]?2BP$OH_\8?WPUD$;HB
M?!J/N!/&C-#U8$X1JG!OUENPTD17%+&XTAW\\\P%B6#YB.X^RM<KOX^V!3?

\U8I;[3/DD9)KR&F/T$O
M1)5OS7E[QIJ0?4/)[*H=FNUPK8 ()



HH3=\&





&^!G5.!%=FXYF :*8@)0M0!)V[5GG!H\(U3\(
MI









MGYD





RV


'F-

EYAR/7L1N5XC90HB1B+\G%2.;)O\IZX?9P'$X(C?NK1-28A7[4#R

STS#\3



MQ%XE='

]:?++*7'WRKRWAU
?9&1VLFK2YIH?/?9&;[(

MA_^C2/U8C \D253+/S4!^.L1W9]/$%WFH+]Z;+V_/!%^%*Y.)0=OS/\^1L


\7? 8]X$
:G*--

MBI5

M8?E7E%XMSW:H:$)
*K^<B.$G.A[:(4<G;\?F1XF.*EID9Y\,%
MQ2P@JP6B=W ^QX2B_&D*90&C!(F;N?C$I67TD4NK^,RE57SHTI 8*XW;OZ5

'YHS*W3_954IE;RDO!&*SF\M
MQ-?W9R*Z)/^QH2EO%+9;T3
:T*?$'WF:Q&-?%N%OCW!LM.A2D)N5S!2X$PF
M;I*]53ZG6
%'M[/.4J*\[5+UFI'#ED_ED;Z92:/F.1.N#@;E-#YWU+7H
MC:G0;25T
P^_9@#VE=#-7)9D !XIH9LYI\\ /%9-_,ZE0S $R5T,Z]5R0#\
MI(1NYO4J&8G2NAF7K.2 7BFA&[F=2M9QW.H]DEF7KN21:AQJ
9[U/P5+(6O



J?LC1+5F@P5A)($[EY2R
M$9*J9_%




MX=]:4NW4L9

MAWM8FT?FT_GE+W4A5-^-B'.@
NF H!Z0\TJV3+44.QM(#.O4UU\7_T9XA(BR
M1=1E W$^5:GL



E+&=8 U.I4VXS@
M([L&H@OR+N+KXRI'82=8R@-L=<*-RZ4VHX./P(,.DY $FH$HL_Q.\)0#]YX2
M]-UU<Q\3O6(=J2D:JYY]ZEC(PXBG)G2!B&:6
3#?H6%C52M)F0S)V1S\SS-

6:

1T(


F2+&N$CX!&QA77XG;)

QR0





!%QT+8]3\[AI(_@&
_F-/6[1O*_EYW;Z/HA%Z;;

M'Y WQ!3XM&C@Y2CL'&EYX&V?YQ_3P=





TX3)QBX$'3R/RLG]F;*P(6.W
%
MR3:*K/EU_:'_P][KO?\ 4$L#!!0    ( (]=54P3\+
?S1
  (*2 0 5

#$W
3(S





T





MH1-YP_$5CI!+JBD/&

MSDU

M_$JU[17K#&Z@;J0^FIUX$;SM!-&






UZ8N2



MZW! 5UD

M5R/NPQ3/Y^1O

MJ87AJQ'Z-4J5_;!0HC + W1I^;@5C=4T+7'IQ
BCY\.@(%87#.% @:ZP
'PU


M

M^-#MDXB%QZ/N:Y85!=L[TD_H&Z/-NRE+5*A?&]U#' #?&96MSV&_.+K]TJ.'


I8*AY8D;O@\BYLM]W
VAM%CF
MH;2BYW?UIQ&.DW ^1=&M









@9:


M'O3?]



2D








Q;X&9TQ2P^5 PWA^ N

M

)5Y76P8-C6JJ;$U=A2/T9
MU




MC'[X]G]02P
$%     @ CUU53+UF8D'M/   #3\# !4   !Z:79O+3(P

M
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6S=?6USXS:R[N?=7X&[IW8S4V5G1N-)



M!@*)L@3_O_.\V#G_U?GHS?G%Z

M-Z
W%Z/#1[Q6.V-4OLC








M)EA^BPOEM^T@^2T^D!MHL#QV\'^*T1BF4P NPVPN@79JM+9^NQ\_$577OB
M8NU9MNE0%07M/33R05N0M&ZR2BLG[KYVK*T(@O*62-^?')U-N&-[:GYT5#9S

6[.7X^RV^G_

MO2&CL2PH[@D$H3;)X8G2F=U!]X[ZXMK9B9+GPNH27WGQR@_C7427]'/R@6GP



D_[-]'5FJ4[JVK[I
M#E5A:DP])48V^D^Z2?^I;^^CJ
%AG;1@$VNSJ@&&RD




I%MU@AB)--#CQ7PYGI'9=/QA.ILNIY
%PJ$)J&JRYYH!]3T%DB5M+J-7
MA09;Q



MJ*G[ KHL&F@# 8RHGA3J/R
%3V!D(4MRFN2:=? V:,76OKH!2)_]*(% ND%
M,H.T@8Y-*:07P[H55EA(1B*5@08.UM=:L+Y&!.OK%L#Z&AFL#71LM;7PP3K
+<0%<(Q?G=L$!<8RD5Q5D&)A0PCXSX^B-D


;2;1A)[G@D!4 T

:



(-73J?
MS:GTM9] =Q4F^D!&9EH_80+(04)/(&9C@_(.Q+A3NH.61)/Q?9Q$;+^L0%;=


*[65# N2B^O(Y&O\_=$G(_!;8Z[^J=
D[CMV9A

MT[.NHF'+'G5

%2
.Z0Z<XL[0BJFYZVE+




MS$EV\8%!I_+L
?T*Q&\PUPJ$G4Q




MS)9+[0DP(=:1^$HVZ\[N0/O!B3VV
[M-YZ(TYV#@+KR'0.0@9&H?%CR^N-6L
M.BA50D&-T1XPR-\PD M%^
Q=5*5G&





M+IJ!_B792R
MC)L'+$J',53&ZV-(#*@D,Y.8SX/5'3&KZ@C#@?$:#[QJ;KMVB*:FKX#V[W





(4H#6



D1?7


GO95]P2



M/*_4XM%A$J/7[%(R5TXBBWHBA6M03*PTI8R45FV11BIR9%5:K&&3DH4@Y
M?]E9R

M939?+
CMY(XLOA_?37H&/4.+E'%GTU'M)

K[



Q@.9W41BK
ML%3S 11

MEZ;\;:S@H96[MTA68G5D&4;JST0^!5T(&ZF!(GW6IR15 \2T4(QP@)#ZJ0
M3[BN7%V:Q'(K@64I\B+8\46:+R%IV9?#N

[9IX*^^Z8MO
(\QF91[-/B-PJDYS#6H


MA]@^)Z)L%W1%TW\GG[








))60N1T^5VE?DTA;%SO.(EZJMD

Q:KDOPBIKN+O-(?*
+3_
&+SS-&_SP-&]PP]





ISLI@#XTW(M/EW



MPYB^R';*]TSV7Q7[JY-PN*W+#$BMQB88UMBSL?01Q=46VVVQ1V:L(O_V

M)RT$R8VSD?&'I

O%'6*3@:WM(-
?.[2 !PWX2?N]CG?Q


%D5%
M(@I98E\K

M O907PP:1*E10R$]2&UVS')0H[_#%-J^J)RZ\AP+692($C(L/P8GU[;2$3+D

'6+#R&K

M1)3MK8F




*6Q1*P

MU.F#0AHL#EK-ZH21G/:B*548X%A/*J;&EC&.S0

M%7R$%5D4H&-#

X
+D=,+
MLL]+2RXO+7B\=.OP,MAIT3 6)^H*?^T%G$9S&<9)3ILQ&5H\A4$YA9:P2XY
MA1BRXG+V5*K6(ALBMPI.
#-M_[!&E(69BT/
%M





M[23CM8G5*@.W

EK)7_G]1)1




MG
GH

8H'?--F- LG),$R^JR$$AK-8 @FZ?=+M1. E8]
MV:;U(P$=17^X TE=2X=QU-0:LC@@S+!XBKAU7GEO+BV%Z/.0]F?Y_417F%/


4AG/G



C0=TQW






5&YH[47GU'OZ*KKV55[Z4-/X

E?:Z 6!1T$.*0K*

 PVMHV9BW.R-;I[$#CY-O2]U7/C\
GESUL+
MHJS0$TCH%;*&&4-981#C2

\(&;
#
MW9-XA=

M.&[-U_EC?S'EE^S
K/\(=&(VU@ET7BY(X0= .6\#ZYB
VB2$0[)1XX=U56EN
MXZ

+&8+'OG@E';[



7  M5@[O4=@!IN^V97



MZ3V;!79

M$5MGMI@-O)&(E]#&=A@&Z\_6S

MY$



&VRC
;FX5:%67AX)3JPD$B\7*4U#X_8,
M;-KVE[%EUA4=AO=U_[7+$J)F[A'3A&YB[F7$F^_YE(V&:; *-Y1[BQ#0R\Z
M7:3@ML6@PYW9!?0GN@8^H.EVE&^0N_'G8;]G^DW#UR2Z=PTFX=_=T]EKU
M+O9Q1]:OA%'N$I;P9X%]6J=] C-50AS=%QA7_QIM4[[O4

0\.

: J$;33GRS)].9R_G%
M7LSFBP5&PF6PLK4W0S8:G^CD46VUY'A0$5WZ!6.AK

3)GNVN0+)

I#
.J7K1&J_7[Z1YQ4(@//O/E

KV2M8.V
9ZCE2;;H1RV5YR/I/@&)R$@YC\26/*CTE+8X6BH2A1X0
MQ);SD0@1/%)+J0G #&UA3(S25VGM 6B,=NHNWRS?NT[91_5ZM\A,)%* MT



K@@D&
WWH1@!:O


?&V07FY8\


M
62*


M[EB4@\)S_#NO\1_(5#M;+2U1ZM)X%7G;_)(QESI(R![92D:JJT 'ATWWC1&;
M[AMD-MTW+;'IOFF!3== 5PB;[IMAP;?&4BHVG0Q
KRT&M:K2:@&[F\<O('9[/]
M(UEG GH(V

M116\T^0(RKQIJ P%*+H+L99!+




A@3HNKYL?FSDE3'LT_DZ?^F\#J
%C9Z\
ME=0)J;X\Y

O()F



M 
(D$ZB)W RLX,R-XZ


M4KD2DD@LSL)IR$H2&D7F/

M#8B(


M.;F;S

M3[9Z7%.E4Y/^.UPWNAK-

[U=58IMZS3M=IW8%P

7%W?C!1Z_I.
GZ
Q;0(%]W5?0
6H%60L9+$A?^Q

F:AW


MY6D G:@G4#&V0M6+T*1#X)X#!=?$U$U3\@*J+HOA':#4 



TJ)A&KL2?8:FJ(2JZ))CUV


U\=

-H(

%*3U!*8-;5-UZ+3OP@[)P
?TS)DZLH.L
M))@$K)8.BM R7RS(]=W\(YG?3N[&R^G\9H%) H9I7?MZ;:GZ28C ZN972
 :



M=JN@$?8BX&%;*^QE.(95@HFG-C81GRH$3(?JBP5\RC%OA0372%Q

M;E5;.RF?A5L)^(KEC96.*07_T[+(2/1!($NOL*

S=-05XPH/-56
M#0O34N
=1]=18:K#FVJ'/XN)^_0K&J\B;YM&+BB

M^C::^2461/'?%H3U!%T-S%.YH+;LO0Z9IL60;@=MX@_/Q;^


MT^%!X

T.*]]'9!YI+'&D&DCC?/\AL=YW@OFV#V(9G]J([YOJZUM(^SOZ#4W





M KX6\@I)6F-/P*%L:9'E4#5J4?L9^^DOO\U_P_YSSZ;NO_SV_P-02P
$%
M  @ CUU53#\UR :)0  VN\ !4   !Z:79O+3(P

C
Q7W!R92YX;6SM





M&N\?C%X_A.XSFPOJ%4;Y@]X'-S0(YY0K






)9DA*#(%F.O[R&)ZS(J\/FZQ[Y



/\B#H-!

Y7+1

8^%V$Z)$CKQ%6KHF/V_5

:1B$S$C('=
!Z

)'Q(-2



MJIRR&0ONJ3^'K1% ;I


L182%)*'O2
M_(R1E4/=DX<5\4/19]&=X05\ +T;M+2$JT;@=!-\6E+QM/$:-JB#2/<#QJL

]703^O(8_
M(B''KA58SF[JP)MKY#A;W4=!&)738'(:#-C#

M^2H:]*NHNM




J








M(#RV':
?'.J'8A+R

@-I78&PWZC;0=H)TOQ_

XQ!'N)P#*(

6[
M#R0:5--;ICR-\)N?W

M5T\WT!.)M!ME11H;ME&*0FWNP&#9'%N?*%F7=QTZ(9V+;77JQ1%8IJ-K98%&

CHZ%T&XK7BWK02D05+NRP6MHWO)_[2@V!'
MP7(5^

G%_69RQG_4.@'/A$@THO_RYV3#9K*J9_//_+D7B_!O)G)^'
XH

=?*S&V(@^5C4[*X!M\K=)VF%550WH@UGV+36-9E%=?9?F&%NNL

MG]MB5EM-% #M]7S]

&P
1+'=

M)F^C$&YI)NZ_XS!]O:'!


6[
M1.AO&Z90L:W-5S'B$K+


^.7-

E+5[I9E69_J:QC








UMZBVNCN5)PWIBJ_




C30.M806[%B=0*C
M6IL?S@/'ST[I%(_&M[-&%?WWN%857 UK-ENS($2JM6O0R)HU; ( JK7\L93%



M W
UV(G&=_O+$34W$G5ZL



MO0S]5


*)+1UST










M3G:H85

#VX;8KP]\F**!RG!)WXX#S[ZU:8P:C8SME3T=OR_::'1\
M

@% 1O9
M8QU

-NXJ!&(R-[HDC+[V H%(:B@IF1I8!;V6HJ%#A8


^2@FXDN5\ !Z@RF_%:K
M5C]8K7/Q.IYG_'/X& Q5@&+*)_I.?3%G* 9!;#I!EVBV$D.BK/=:.






V;QY)5!#A7M;# (B@%1A6JOS^.R75P29+/
MV




B1';$!\2(X@
5-#((4]D
+Z]$FK

##(VTYQ/ZMN&H*
MQJ]
@1S BD!R!#_8=ORF[/IUZ@



YG1'A*2+LW7]4=%)DM4+$ZV(
AP8PU

M^1S_EJ@.7#[]';L[EY

M$-=$@;;C/[B/.BQ+M!@QKHH#+;7?(=43,_X#ZF8(15CC8*VG(I9/WYZ%H:Q
MNQT%K

M9V16K&UQM;:F7+N3-

M:E1L



MD&[MW9D9TJU#NG6C*
OL?AQ[\RUC3;ZEFRT!HWS+V-Y\RUB3;^EF1\ HWS*V
2!L3D.2FHS32E[







9UYHEG]4F
_30H6U8Z_6_NV6WP^BZ<;

XS1Q[VD8L
?)+2
)
M:*U6^'3!6(\E/EV(

M4(X7TVHYI%*']NZ\;.N[08W.1MVA%L[FR$[NJ-81NP5_PK*_SYTA93@Y9K
M@40CTCC#2&*U84
411S=B;KTZ2()AP)OQ@*^X#D_[5Z%LA$'2.

M]_\8A&)::72SK? [&1 ^(E7X
WH\JP)A^22.V84UN7Y[]CM24X2E!+I[2
MHE^@*Q.B@G'[-X.T@_(7ZM-EO%3B7*1!C'1)&&PS^HOSH

9ZZ(P[96?
=%0TLU(K!EO
8RS;5

F5ZV+L:]JZ&O:MA
M[VK8N\*X=P5?4E/X

M *K@R)SM(3P:PJ


D-$10R341B24_4'\Y\8)R=^_
M^7]02P$% 
4     /755


#$W
3(S

4
M     /755

M
#$W
3(S

M             ( !VYP  'II=F\M
C Q-S$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0

4     /755
(/S7(!HE  #:[P( %0

#$W
3(S

-  8 B@$  $@3 0    $!
end



