

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-17-000387
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				870699977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30415
		FILM NUMBER:		17729296
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 452 9866
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN GLORY HOLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215























 2016






Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. 














2804 Orchard Lake Rd.
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320













Common Stock
 par value $.001 per share



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.






 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.



 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 





 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. &nbsp;See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).


















 2016 by non-affiliates of the issuer was $7
967
207 based on the closing price of the registrant&#146;s common stock on such date.


 2017
 there were 136
995
347 shares of $.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding










ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





































Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.











Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.





































 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry&#146;s actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to statements regarding:



















 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#147;may&#148;
 &#147;will&#148;
 &#147;should&#148;
 &#147;could&#148;
 &#147;would&#148;
 &#147;expects&#148;
 &#147;plans&#148;
 &#147;anticipates&#148;
 &#147;believes&#148;
 &#147;estimates&#148;
 &#147;projects&#148;
 &#147;predicts&#148;
 &#147;potential&#148; and similar expressions intended to identify forward looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also
 these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by law
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events
 conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.
















 1983
 under the name of &#147;L. Peck Enterprises
 Inc.&#148; On May 27
 1999
 we changed our name to &#147;Western Glory Hole
 Inc.&#148; &nbsp;From 1990 until October 2003
 we had no business operations; we were in the development stage and were seeking profitable business opportunities. &nbsp;On October 30
 2003
 we acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Health Enhancement Corporation (&#147;HEC&#148;) in exchange for 9
000
000 of our shares
 making HEC our wholly-owned subsidiary. In connection with this transaction
 we changed our name to Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. &nbsp;On October 14
 2014
 at the annual meeting of the Shareholders of the Company
 a proposal was passed to change the name of the Company from Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. to ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc. (&#147;ZIVO&#148;). On October 30
 2014
 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#147;FINRA&#148;) approved the name ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc. for trading purposes and the symbol change to ZIVO effective November 10
 2014.


 AZ produced and marketed a liquid dietary supplement with marginal success beginning in 2003 until sales were suspended in January of 2012.


 in place since December 2011
 determined the sole focus for the near term was to move forward with a research-based product development program. &nbsp;From 2012 through 2016
 we engaged fully in such activities
 all as more fully explained herein. &nbsp;We are implementing a business model in which we would derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be derived from or are initially based on the algae cultures. We expect that these planned new products will likely be sold to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers. Further
 we expect to license our bioactive molecules as lead compounds or templates for synthetic variants intended for therapeutic applications.


 we established HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. as our wholly owned subsidiary (&#147;HEPI Pharma&#148;). The purpose of HEPI Pharma was to develop potential pharmaceutical applications for the bioactive ingredients that may be derived from our algae cultures.


 we formed ZIVO Biologic
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 for the purpose of manufacturing and commercialization of proprietary ingredients for non-medicinal animal health applications. Zivo Biologic is 100% owned by Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.


 we acquired the assets
 consisting primarily of intellectual property rights
 of Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&#147;Wellness&#148;)
 a Michigan corporation based in Illinois. &nbsp;Concurrently
 we formed WellMetris
 LLC (&#147;WellMetris&#148;) as a 100% owned entity of ZIVO. We acquired four patent applications as part of the transaction
 in addition to engineering drawings
 prototypes
 chemical formulae
 validation data
 laboratory equipment and IT equipment. &nbsp;We assigned all of the intellectual property acquired to WellMetris with a stated value of $1
391
281. The mission of WellMetris is to develop
 manufacture
 market and sell Wellness Tests. The Wellness Tests are intended to provide individuals the information and opportunity to optimize their health and identify future health risks or to provide insurers
 employers and healthcare providers timely information to intervene with wellness programs
 fitness regimes or other preventative measures. During the period of time since we have owned WellMetris
 we have filed / drafted an additional eight patent applications around the intellectual property acquired
 as noted in the section &#147;Patents and Proprietary Rights.&#148; In the summer of 2014
 we evaluated the circumstances related to the original four patent applications acquired and determined that that two of the existing patent applications could be improved and filed new patents applications to redefine and better protect our intellectual property than the original purchased patent applications. &nbsp;We have abandoned one of the initial four patent applications purchased
 released two of the four applications purchased and substituted them with two new patent applications
 and retained ownership of one of the four applications purchased
 which has now converted to a national phase application. &nbsp;In connection with the abandoned patents
 we have protected our rights with regards to the original patent applications purchased
 however we determined we should record a loss on abandonment of $1
391
281 for the year ended December 31
 2014 as the initial value of the acquired patent applications pending resides in the newly filed / drafted eight patent applications. 











 we intend to approach potential customers or licensees in the following market verticals. &nbsp;The products described throughout this document are still in the development stage
 and subject to development risk. &nbsp;There can be no assurance that any of the products described below will prove to be effective
 or if found to be effective
 will be able to be produced in a commercially viable manner.




 or significantly reducing symptoms
 of bovine mastitis &#150; a condition that effectively stops milk production. According to the National Mastitis Council
 the condition affects 10% of the U.S. dairy herd at any one time
 costing producers approximately $1
100 per case. In the U.S. alone
 causes a highly contagious and potentially fatal form of bovine mastitis (an infection of the mammary gland)
 for which there currently is no treatment. &nbsp;In the cow&#146;s udder
 mammary epithelial cells form an immunological barrier to protect the mammary gland. &nbsp;When bacteria or other pathogens break through this barrier
 an infection sets in
 affecting quality and quantity of milk produced. &nbsp;&nbsp;Our compounds showed promising early results for restoration of the immunological barrier in experiments conducted 
 as conducted by the Principal Researcher at the University of Wisconsin - Madison
 Department of Dairy Science.


 2013
 we entered into a Collaboration and Option Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with Zoetis
 a global animal health company
 in connection with the prevention
 treatment
 and management of bovine mastitis. &nbsp;In the Agreement
 we granted to the counterparty an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive license with us. &nbsp;Specifically
 upon completion of a collaborative study (which is in process and will be completed upon adequate funding)
 the Agreement provides for a 90 day exclusivity period for evaluation of results and
 based on the counterparty&#146;s desire for an exclusive license thereto
 90 days to conclude an exclusive license agreement.


 we intend to move on three related fronts &#150; working to bring an algal feed ingredient to market in the United States by amplifying the algae culture; working to produce a dietary supplement or feed additive for global consumption outside the U.S.; and
 putting ourselves in a position to license the isolated bioactive molecules to a pharmaceutical or drug development company for synthetic development as a prescribed drug for production animal applications. &nbsp;The isolated bioactive molecules form the intellectual property of interest to Zoetis. The feed ingredient
 feed additive and dietary supplement are intended for other potential collaborators.

 study believes that the same autoimmune effect may be useful in combating bovine respiratory disease complex (&#147;BRDC&#148;)
 also known as &#147;shipping fever.&#148; BRDC typically occurs when beef cattle are shipped from the ranch to the feedlot prior to processing. According to the American Association of Beef Producers
 cattle ranchers and feedlot operators attribute a 30% loss in body weight to BRDC when it occurs &#150; a $10 billion problem in the U.S. alone. We are planning a field study to validate several dosing modalities before offering a licensing option.


 which if successful could allow a relatively rapid release to production and sales as a companion animal dietary supplement. According to the Nutrition Business Journal
 the canine joint-health dietary supplement market segment tops $360 million annually in the U.S. alone. Estimates for the world market may be substantially higher
 tissue explant experiment conducted by the Comparative Orthopaedics Laboratory at University of Missouri found that direct stimulation of living canine joint tissue with our bioactive compounds protected cartilage from degradation by IL-1b
 and can be produced on an efficient basis
 we intend to sell or license our product as a supplement ingredient to larger
 well-established and profitable brand names in the pet industry. &nbsp;We have conducted other laboratory studies simulating the effects of canine osteoarthritis with positive results.







 the isolated bioactive molecules found in the amplified algae product may
 subject to successful negotiations
 be licensed to a pharmaceutical company for development as a synthetic prescription drug. We expect that the process of developing and testing such a drug could take years. &nbsp;Therefore
 as is common practice
 we intend to work toward negotiating a reasonable upfront licensing fee
 milestone payments upon each successful conclusion of a development phase
 followed by pre-market approval; and finally
 a steady stream of royalties in the future. The other revenue streams generated by feed and supplement sales may begin to be realized in late 2017 or early 2018
 but no assurance can be provided in that regard. Much of the research and licensing progress has been and will continue to be paced by the availability of capital funding and/or debt financing (see Item 7 &#150; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Liquidity and Capital Resources). 




 functional foods
 or health foods
 represent an estimated $20 billion business in the U.S. and a $28 billion business in Europe. The Middle East
 although significantly smaller
 is growing at a rate of 12-14% annually
 followed closely by the newly-affluent in China and India. These foods typically are processed products that contain one or more staple foods augmented with a variety of performance-enhancing ingredients.






 dried kelp
 Omega-3 fish oil
 resveratrol
 saw palmetto and similar supplements attests to the American public&#146;s obsession with &#145;natural&#146; products. The dietary supplement business is a $24 billion industry in the U.S. alone
 and twice that the world over.


 we will endeavor to private-label the compound or finished product for larger
 established marketers and retailers. If we are able to accomplish this
 we believe this is a more efficient use of capital and resources while still retaining control of the intellectual property
 the manufacturing process and pricing decisions. We do not intend to be placed in a position where our premier product application is commoditized and we must compete on price.




 during or after various medical procedures
 including surgery
 chemotherapy
 radiation therapy and physical therapy. At times
 medicinal foods are used to augment the effects of prescription drugs. These medicinal foods are expensive and typically reimbursed by health insurers.


 but the standards are less stringent than pharmaceutical applications. &nbsp;Once again
 under our new business model
 if we are able to produce a commercial product in this area
 we will endeavor to enter into a private-label arrangement with a larger strategic partner to produce and distribute this product application.




 the process for developing a new prescription drug is costly
 complex and time-consuming. It is an undertaking well beyond our current financial capabilities and one that may take years to achieve. If we pursue the development of a prescription drug
 we will likely seek a partnership with a co-developer that will share in the risk and expense of the initial development process
 and then share in any royalties resulting from the licensing or sale of any synthetic molecule and its homologs we are able to develop and license.


 licenses fees and royalty payments across animal and human applications.









 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that we believe will allow individuals and their care providers to optimize personal health and identify future health risks. &nbsp;The information obtained will also provide insurers
 employers and healthcare providers timely information to intervene with wellness programs
 fitness regimes or other preventative measures. &nbsp;We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:



 alternately named Gen 1.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize a series of tests
 which are intended to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#147;Phase One Test&#148;). &nbsp;The Phase One Test is being designed to measure biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 and antioxidant status to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and from which metabolic syndrome can be inferred.



 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology focused on the positive or negative metabolic effects of metabolizing fat and muscle efficiency due to changes in diet
 exertion
 hydration and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems.



 we plan to develop and commercialize additional tests intended to provide a more complete metabolic profile for an individual utilizing the metabolites present in urine. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Company believes the Gen 2.0 tests
 in aggregate
 will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time. This technology can also be applied to livestock and companion animals. As capital funding becomes available
 the Company will move forward with finalizing its transition cow syndrome test
 for which a provisional patent application has already been filed.




 diabetes
 autoimmune diseases and cancer. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Wellness Tests are intended to identify pre-conditions to such illnesses. &nbsp;Such identification may allow for early intervention and reduce incidence of such illnesses or forestall their onset. &nbsp;This is critically important to large employers
 insurers and governmental agencies who are payers for health claims and are facing massive increases in premiums or cash outlays.


 report
 record and manage wellness and health data for large groups such as large employers
 pension funds
 accountable care organizations
 state Medicaid agencies and their actuarial consultants
 underwriters
 re-insurers and wellness consultants. The software also contains tools to conduct meta-analysis of baseline health benchmarks and monitor the progress of pre-clinical intervention programs within large groups.


 all development work has been halted until this entity is either sold
 funded independently of ZIVO Bioscience
 or spun out as a free-standing business.











 Omega-3 and antioxidants are made and marketed in a fiercely competitive
 price-sensitive market environment. Recently
 several algae producers have made health claims for their proprietary algae strains
 ranging from treatment for diabetes to controlling HIV symptoms. Proprietary products offered by some marketers are often dogged by unsubstantiated claims of product efficacy or present potential product safety issues
 which in turn draw the attention of regulators. The optimal position for a supplement and ingredient maker is when pricing power can be exerted through well-protected intellectual property and further backed by well-documented safety and efficacy claims.







 Cognis
 ConAgra
 Cargill and Nestle
 each of which has active M&amp;A efforts
 a large scientific staff and a generous R&amp;D budget to develop supplements and ingredients for a wide range of applications. However
 we intend to approach these very same competitors as potential strategic partners
 in order to leverage their specific expertise in certain food and supplement categories where a mutually beneficial relationship can be established. &nbsp;There can be no assurance that this strategy will be effective.


 the companion animal dietary supplement segment
 and specifically canine joint health
 is made up almost exclusively of chondroitin/glutathione supplements
 which have dominated that segment for more than a decade. This $360 million segment represents a potentially lucrative opportunity to introduce a completely new product if we are able to demonstrate superior benefits and produce a product at a comparable price.


 the animal health market as it pertains to mastitis in dairy cows
 and specifically feed ingredients that exhibit beneficial properties
 has been largely in the realm of yeast-based products. Only recently has there been a focus on algae-based alternatives
 as promoted by Alltech with its $200 million expansion of an algae facility in Kentucky. In the U.S.
 feed ingredients cannot be promoted using any form of health claim
 and dietary supplements for production animals are
 to our knowledge
 non-existent. However
 outside the U.S.
 the use of dietary supplements is widespread
 and we intend to market our refined ingredients to a worldwide market in partnership with a global brand name.




 which changes markedly throughout the day. Blood-based wellness tests can be even less reliable because the biomarkers for oxidative stress and inflammation are extremely dynamic and will often change before the blood can be tested
 casting doubt on the results.


 there is no guarantee that our products will be proven to be effective and commercially viable
 or that a larger
 better-financed competitor may not emerge once we begin promoting our products. &nbsp;






 we contracted Synthetic Genomics
 Inc. to conduct commercial scale-up at a facility in Imperial Valley
 California. We continue to use the AzCATI facility at Arizona State University to produce our microbial mixture for continued experimentation.




 we will need two physical components to deliver our services. &nbsp;A dedicated
 custom reader device and a test comprised of eight (8) different chemistry tests on a single urine test panel housed in a proprietary disposable cartridge.



 custom reader device is manufactured by a third party to our specifications. &nbsp;We do not believe that there is a risk of supply
 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the unit.



 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the units.




 we have readjusted the business model to focus in the near term on research and development in order to license our product and technology to third parties. &nbsp;At this time
 there are no customers providing any revenue.











 we are only manufacturing the product for purposes of research and development programs that are currently underway. 




 we are using third parties to manufacture our custom reader device and test panel
 which we are currently using for development purposes.




 we have secured patent and federal trademark registrations in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (&#147;USPTO&#148;) as described below:



807
622 issued October 5
 2010
 relates to our proprietary complex algal culture. &nbsp;The title of the patent is: &#147;Composition and use of phyto-percolate for treatment of disease.&#148; &nbsp;This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phytopercolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the potential use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. &nbsp;This patent was filed on November 30
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date (which may be subject to extension via Patent Term Adjustment and Patent Term Extension). 



586
053 issued November 19
 2013
 relates to our proprietary algal culture. The title of the patent is: &#147;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of Disease.&#148; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. The phyto-percolate is believed to contain an activity that induces the reduction of soluble and insoluble fibrin. Further
 the phyto-percolate is believed to reduce oxidative stress in the body. The patent was filed on April 20
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date. 



791
060 issued July 29
 2014
 relates to our proprietary culture. Title of the patent is the same: &#147;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of disease.&#148; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further describes proteolytic activity. &nbsp;The patent was filed on October 4
 2010 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.



486
005 relates to our proprietary culture. &nbsp;Title of the patent is: &#147;Agents and Mechanisms for Treating Hypercholesterolemia.&#148; &nbsp;This invention relates generally to a method of treating hypercholesterolemia in mammals
 by administering an effective amount of microbial fermentation product and regulating genes involved in lipoprotein metabolism.


&#148; &#147;ZIVO BIOLOGIC
&#148; and ZIVO ZOOLOGIC&#148;. We may have other common law rights in other trademarks
 trade names
 service marks
 and the like which will continue as long as we use those respective marks.


 await examination or are in process:











7
807
622





2
631
773









780
144































14/558
516




Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin
 and Serum Amyloid A


61/834
842
Application Filed 6/13/2013
 



Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin and Serum Amyloid A










 JP
 MX)














SN 61/835
282





SN 2
827
401





SN 61/872
928





SN 13/812
220





61/367
486


















62/295
976
Application filed Feb 16
 2016; 






SN 62
116
766
Filed Feb 16
 2015; 





SN 62 136
764
Filed March
 23
 2015; 





SN15/330
830








Wellness Panel for Companion Animals Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform 



SN14/916
068










Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin
 and Serum amyloid A

SN 14/898
091











 our product(s) are subject to extensive governmental regulations.







 these laws
 regulations and other constraints exist at the federal
 state and local levels and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. The majority of these regulations directly relate to (1) the formulation
 clinical testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and storage of our product(s) and (2) product claims and advertising
 including claims and advertising by us
 as well as claims and advertising by distributors for which we may be held responsible.




 the formulation
 testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 labeling
 promotion
 advertising
 distribution and sale of our product(s) are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 primarily (1) the Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;) and (2) the Federal Trade Commission (&#147;FTC&#148;). &nbsp;Our activities also are regulated by various agencies of the states and localities and foreign countries in which our product(s) are manufactured
 promoted
 distributed and sold. The FDA
 in particular
 regulates the formulation
 manufacture and labeling of conventional foods
 dietary ingredients and dietary supplements (or nutraceuticals).


 drugs
 cosmetics and medical devices in the United States. &nbsp;To the extent that we manufacture finished product(s) for sale to consumers (and in certain other limited circumstances where we sell our product as an ingredient)
 FDA regulations require us to comply with current good manufacturing practice (&#147;cGMP&#148;) regulations for the preparation
 packing and storage of dietary supplements. &nbsp;This is a complex series of regulations that have posed significant compliance challenges to the supplement industry. &nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent that we supply our product(s) as ingredients for the use in foods or nutraceuticals
 we would be required to comply with cGMP regulations for foods
 as well as the provisions of the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 which require all companies involved in the production of food and food ingredients to develop and implement a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (&#147;HACCP&#148;) program.


 Drug and Cosmetic Act (&#147;FFDCA&#148;) by recognizing &#147;dietary supplements&#148; as a distinct category of food and
 we believe
 is generally favorable to the dietary supplement industry. &nbsp;The legislation grandfathered
 with some limitations
 dietary ingredients that were on the market before October 15
 1994. &nbsp;A dietary supplement that contains a dietary ingredient that was not on the market before October 15
 1994 will require evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety establishing that it is reasonably expected to be safe. &nbsp;To the extent that we offer for sale unique
 proprietary ingredients we will be required to file with FDA evidence supporting the conclusion that we have a &#147;reasonable expectation&#148; that they will be safe for human consumption when used as directed. &nbsp;The FDA recently published an &#147;Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking&#148; which the nutraceutical industry believes will substantially increase the level of evidence required to satisfy the &#147;reasonable expectation&#148; standard.


 truthful and non-misleading statements of nutritional support to be made in labeling
 such as statements describing general well-being from consumption of a nutraceutical ingredient or the role of a nutrient or dietary ingredient in affecting or maintaining structure or function of the body. &nbsp;A company making a statement of nutritional support must possess adequate substantiating scientific evidence for the statement
 disclose on the label that the FDA has not reviewed the statement and that the product is not intended to mitigate
 treat
 cure or prevent disease
 and notify the FDA of the statement within 30 days after its initial use. &nbsp;To the extent we produce finished product for use by consumers as nutraceuticals
 we will be required to comply with these provisions of DSHEA.




 this category of products is subject to the Nutrition
 Labeling and Education Act (&#147;NLEA&#148;) and regulations promulgated under the NLEA. The NLEA regulates health claims
 ingredient labeling and nutrient content claims characterizing the level of a nutrient in the product. The ingredients added to conventional foods must either be generally recognized as safe by experts (&#147;GRAS&#148;) or be approved as food additives under FDA regulations.


 which exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of our product
 has for years instituted enforcement actions against companies marketing supplements for alleged false
 misleading or unsubstantiated advertising of some of their products. &nbsp;The FTC has specific guides for advertising claim substantiation as well as for the use of testimonials. &nbsp;As a general matter
 companies making health related claims for their products or ingredients are required to possess well designed human clinical studies supporting such claims at the time they are made. &nbsp;Enforcement actions have often resulted in consent decrees and significant monetary payments by the companies involved. In addition
 the FTC has increased its scrutiny of the use of testimonials which we have and may in the future utilize. 









 we may be required to obtain an approval
 license or certification from the relevant country's ministry of health or comparable agency. &nbsp;This would hold true for jurisdictions such as Canada
 the European Union
 Japan
 Australia and New Zealand. &nbsp;The approval process generally requires us to present each product and product ingredient to appropriate regulators for review of data supporting safety as well as substantiating any claims we may desire to make. We would also be required to comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Our failure to comply with these regulations could prevent our product(s) from being legally offered for sale. &nbsp;




 also known as Proposition 65
 provides that no person in the course of doing business shall knowingly discharge or release a chemical known to the state to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity into water or into land where such chemical passes or probably will pass into any source of drinking water
 without first giving clear and reasonable warning. &nbsp;Among other things
 the statute covers all consumer goods (including foods) sold in the State of California. Prop. 65 allows private enforcement actions (sometimes called &#147;bounty hunter&#148; actions). &nbsp;Reports indicate that over 100 such actions have been commenced annually over the past 3 years against companies in the nutraceutical industry (e.g.
 lead content of calcium
 lead content of ginseng
 PCB in fish oil) alleging that their products are contaminated with heavy metals or other compounds that would trigger the warning requirements of the Act. &nbsp;While we intend to take appropriate steps to ensure that any of our products that we may market will be in compliance with the Act
 given the nature of this statute and the extremely low tolerance limits it establishes (well below federal requirements)
 there is a risk that we
 our contracted producer or a licensee could be found liable for the presence of miniscule amounts of a prohibited chemical in our product. &nbsp;Such liability could be significant.




 we will produce research-only feedstock for chemical analysis
 safety studies and efficacy studies compliant with applicable state and federal regulations. However
 we will rely on our research partners to conduct their respective R&amp;D programs in a manner compliant with applicable regulation and law. Once a product concept has been fully developed
 we intend to manufacture that product
 either internally or on a contract basis. In either case
 we intend to adhere to all state and federal regulations relative to the safety and efficacy of the product application
 as well as relevant regulations covering the safe and consistent manufacture of that product.




 we accelerated our efforts to achieve GRAS (Generally Recognized As Safe) status for the algal biomass
 intended for use in humans
 poultry
 dogs and cattle. We contracted a well-regarded FDA consultant to map out the strategy and manage the process of developing product specifications
 safety testing
 publication of results and convening a GRAS panel for human use. In late 2016
 as a result of a binding Letter of Intent with NutriQuest
 an animal nutrition company based in Cedar Rapids
 Iowa
 the strategy expanded to accommodate a compliance track for poultry use as well.


 we contracted a number of well-regarded private and academic laboratories to establish a nutritional profile for the algal biomass
 as well conduct various safety and toxicology tests required for the GRAS self-affirmation process. The tests
 studies and validations will likely continue through most of 2017.




 which have advised us as to the most time and cost-efficient path to classification and approvals. &nbsp;This activity will continue upon availability of additional funding.













 beginning in 2004. In spring of 2009
 we undertook a research and development process with a view to fractioning the existing product into much smaller
 concentrated groups of molecules with similar physical properties. These groups were then tested 


 private laboratories or contract research organizations to conduct experiments
 tests and studies on our behalf. &nbsp;We spent approximately $800
000 for the year ended December 31
 2016 on research and development
 as compared to $1 million in 2015. The resources were spent on external research
 mainly to independent facilities involved in the analysis and validation of our bioactive compounds in various applications and animal models. To date
 all of these amounts have been directly expensed as they have been incurred.


 the Company has moved forward with the following R&amp;D activities:


 by the principal researcher at the University of Wisconsin - Madison and samples processed and validated by other researchers in the fall of 2016.. &nbsp;The pre-pilot and pilot arms of this study have been completed and the results gained thus far may shorten the primary arm of this bovine study
 which is expected to commence upon available funding in early 2017



 using our natural bioactive compounds. The study will be repeated and expanded when capital funding is made available.



 Company principals determined that a more definitive in vivo study would be more useful
 pending capital funding.



 the Company re-activated the elucidation and characterization of the natural bioactive compounds as funding became available. The Center for Complex Carbohydrate Research at the University of Georgia was tasked with sample purification and preliminary analysis. Other laboratories were contracted to conduct bioassays to validate the bioactivity of the purified and isolated samples
 with work ongoing at the close of 2016.


 but also testing the method of isolation and then validating that the isolated molecules retain their bioactivity across a select range of human and animal cell lines
studies. We must ensure that this does not occur occasionally
 it is required for every production process
 every safety validation process and every intended application
 such as a canine dietary supplement that is mixed with food
 as opposed to a canine dietary supplement that is administered in the form of a chewable caplet. 


 as we now enter production scale-up
 we are required to provide cGMP protocols and Quality Assurance (&#147;QA&#148;) protocols that show we can produce the algal biomass and/or the active ingredients safely
 consistently and in defined quantities
 and therefore rely on these same experiments and methods to substantiate our quality claims. These datasets form the basis for establishing the value of a license agreement. Therefore
 every single license that we hope to issue requires its own data set and safety validation for the specific application being licensed. These datasets represent the core of the intellectual property that is being licensed.









 the method was not commercially viable
 and the Company has expended considerable resources to develop a single-species
 high-volume and commercially viable production methodology.


 resulting in the creation of a product platform strategy whereby four different forms could be developed for future marketing across several categories and applications:


 which would naturally contain the beneficial compound(s); b) a more refined extraction which could be introduced into animal feed or supplements; c) the isolated natural molecule(s) which could be more appropriate for human consumption in food or supplements; and d) the synthetic version of any such natural molecule(s) which could be licensed to drug development companies or joint-ventured in a risk-sharing arrangement.


 we contracted with several experts in the field to coordinate isolation of the different organisms present in the culture
 grow each of them separately and then subject them to the same life-cycle stressors as the original culture. The stated goal was to grow algae in bulk as a direct source of micro-nutrition and feed ingredient for production animals
 namely beef cattle and dairy cows
 as well as companion animal dietary supplementation. &nbsp;The production capability would be licensed to others. Per the business model
 we have no intention of fielding a finished product
 but rather empowering licensees to strike supply agreements with larger
 better-financed brand names or licensing directly with such brand names. There can be no assurance that commercially viable products will be developed
 or that they can be successfully and profitably manufactured and marketed.


 our contracted researchers have been able to successfully isolate one or more algal species
 scale up the production/output of the isolated species and still retain some of the key
 desirable bioactive properties associated with the earlier
 complex culture. Proof of concept growing techniques
 including both pond and bioreactor modes
 have shown that our target algal specie can be grown in commercially viable quantities
 and the harvest time has been compressed from several months to several days&#146; time. We are uncertain if we can grow biomass in sufficient tonnage for livestock feed
 but we believe that the current production methods will allow us to satisfy demand for a more refined extract introduced into animal supplements and
 as a more purified substance
 into human supplements.


 we tested the algal biomass and isolates derived from the aforementioned prototype growing facilities in dairy cows with successful results.


 we finalized development of Standard Operating Procedures (&#147;SOP&#146;s&#148;) in order to draft contractual terms with contract growers domestically and abroad. The SOP&#146;s form the basis for current Good Manufacturing Practice (&#147;cGMP&#148;) protocols to which contract growers and processors must adhere as part of the FDA&#146;s updated Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 (&#147;FSMA&#148;) requirements
 regardless of country of origin. In early 2016
 we contracted with a Florida-based algae grower to scale-up production in a commercial setting. Due to weather problems
 including Hurricane Matthew
 the grower was unable to successfully deliver the biomass required. To remedy the situation
 we identified and began contract negotiations in late October with Synthetic Genomics
 Inc.
 (SGI) which operates an algae production facility in Imperial Valley
 California
 and concluded a tolling agreement in late December
 2016. SGI will also convert and upgrade the SOPs to cGMP level specifications so that we can meet compliance requirements. We conducted experiments in post-processing
 such as spray-drying centrifugal water extraction and other techniques to better understand feed and food handling requirements. We interviewed FDA compliance consultants for animal feed applications and contracted the Burdock Group of Orlando
 Florida in summer of 2016 to manage the compliance process on our behalf. 




 as it relates to autoimmune and anti-inflammatory response. These are very broad categories and work is still required to fully describe the 3D structure of such compounds
 as the actual structure is how the bioactivity exists and where the value is locked. One approach among several we&#146;ve taken is to create synthetic homologs
 and from them deduce the composition and 3D structure of the naturally bioactive compounds. &nbsp;In early 2014
 we determined that the synthetic approach was not yielding the hoped-for results and halted that particular effort. 


 we restarted the elucidation and characterization effort by contracting the Center for Complex Carbohydrate Research at the University of Georgia to begin sample purification
 isolation and analyses
 supported by bioassay validation conducted at several private labs.







 we estimate that we will
 in fiscal 2017
 be required to expend in excess of $3
000
000 on research and subsequent product development in order to complete the initiatives discussed herein. In addition to the activity in 2017
 we plan to continue our research and development efforts in 2018 and beyond. &nbsp;These expenditures will need to be met from external funding sources. In the past
 we have had difficulty raising funds from external sources. Thus
 we may not be able to raise the funding required to continue our research and development activities. In the event that these sources are not available or adequate to meet our research needs
 we will be unable to pursue our research activities
 in which case our ability to substantiate the accumulated intellectual property with objective clinical support for its characterization
 method of action and efficacy will continue to be impeded
 thereby severely hindering our ability to generate licensing revenue (or otherwise commercialize our products) and adversely affect our operating results.


 we will continue our current research program with our research partners
 we will expand our investigations to include various experts and consultants on an as-needed basis and explore new product concepts and applications. Our current contracts with our research partners cover the following activities:



 experiments
 standards development
 FDA compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols


 to substantiate efficacy and safety for each specific application or claim
 i.e.
 poultry immune health
 canine osteoarthritis
 canine joint health
 porcine respiratory/reproductive syndrome
 etc.
 to boost value for each specific license






 FDA safety compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols











 programmatic applications of its testing and reporting platform. We are interested in supporting the intervention by wellness consultants or medical professionals in the lifestyle choices made by individuals covered by traditional health insurance plans
 retiree medical benefits pools
 employer-sponsored health initiatives and taxpayer-sponsored programs like Medicaid and the ACA (Affordable Care Act) or its replacement. &nbsp;These interventions
 which are typically non-medical
 have been shown to be successful in delaying the onset of chronic diseases such as diabetes or cardiovascular problems. We believe that targeting asymptomatic individuals and focusing intervention efforts on these individuals may have a positive result for wellness programs
 and potentially lower premiums and health claims.


 the WellMetris product platform required additional prototype analyzers and additional dry chemistry reagent strips and cartridges to conduct pilot programs for potential customers
 and to use the result of these pilot programs to help normalize data for the dry chemistry reagents as part of the FDA submission package. Such efforts are currently on hold
 pending capital funding.


 primarily focused on those individuals who purchase dietary supplements
 join health clubs or are otherwise actively pursuing a healthy lifestyle. This involves miniaturizing some aspects of our test cartridge concept and creating a mobile application
 thereby eliminating the need for the analyzer device. This is a significant undertaking
 which will not commence until we realize revenues from our Phase 1 product launch or attract additional capital funding. However
 incremental steps were taken in 2016 to finalize 3D models of the sample collection device and the assay carrier in preparation for finite element testing of each component sometime in 2017
 pending available funding.









 in all material respects
 in compliance with local
 state
 and federal environmental laws applicable to our production and waste disposal. The cost of this compliance activity to date has not been material
 and has been absorbed within our general operations overhead.




 2016 we had two full-time employees
 positioned in executive management. In addition
 we have three part-time people acting on a consulting basis as our Chief Science Officer; Director
 Research &amp; Development; and Lead Scientist &amp; Clinical Coordinator. We believe that our employee relations are good. No employee is represented by a union.




 quarterly and current reports
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. &nbsp;&nbsp;Our filings with the SEC can be viewed at www.sec.gov.



Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on our consolidated financial statements which states that the consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations
 stockholders&#146; deficit and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations and sustain our operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Unless and until we realize licensing and royalty revenues sufficient to cover our expenses
 we will be reliant upon external sources to fund our continued operations. There is no guarantee that this funding will continue. If we are unable to raise additional funds
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

As of December 31
 2016
136
745
347 shares outstanding. &nbsp;We also had contractual commitments to issue 145
605
722 additional shares as of December 31
 2016
 consisting of 111
086
456 common shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants. &nbsp;This totals a potential 282
423
964 shares outstanding if all debentures were converted and warrants exercised. &nbsp;In order to increase the authorized shares to a higher number
 we would need to amend our articles of incorporation
 which would require shareholder approval. &nbsp;There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain the shareholder approval necessary to amend our articles of incorporation to increase our authorized shares.

&nbsp;We do not have resources to pursue the development
 manufacturing and marketing of products on our own
 and we will need to rely on third parties for some of these activities. &nbsp;

The ability to market our product is dependent upon the completion of proven
 clinical research. 
 there is no guarantee that the research will successfully achieve this goal. If our current research does not return the results we expect
 our business prospects will be materially and adversely affected.

Nutraceutical and animal supplement products
 although not subject to FDA approval
 must follow strict guidelines in terms of production and advertising claims. Our ability to produce and successfully market our products is dependent upon adhering to these requirements. &nbsp;If we fail to comply with applicable government regulations concerning the production and marketing of our product
 we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have a history of losses
 we expect to continue to incur losses and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. &nbsp;
 if and when we do become profitable
 we will sustain profitability. If we are ultimately unable to generate sufficient revenue to meet our financial targets
 become profitable and have sustainable positive cash flows
 investors could lose their investment.






We compete with a wide range of established companies in a variety of different markets
 all of whom have substantially greater name recognition and resources than we do. We face or will face other specialized competitors if we are able to expand into new vertical markets. These competitors may be more efficient and successful than we are. &nbsp;If we fail to compete successfully
 our operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.

The future success of our business depends upon our ability to meet regulatory requirements for the sale of our products. Increased enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any laws
 regulations
 or changes that may be adopted or implemented in the future
 could limit our ability to market our products.

Our success depends in part upon the continued service of our senior management personnel. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In recent years
 there has been significant litigation in the U.S. and elsewhere involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement
 misappropriation or other violations of patents
 copyrights
 trademarks
 trade secrets or other intellectual property rights. These risks have been amplified by an increase in the number of third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. &nbsp;We could incur substantial costs in prosecuting or defending any intellectual property litigation. Additionally
 the defense or prosecution of claims could be time-consuming and could divert our management's attention away from the execution of our business plan.




 any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from a claim could require us to pay substantial amounts or obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim
 or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain a license from the third patty asserting the claim on commercially reasonable terms
 that we would be able to develop alternative technology on a timely basis
 or that we would be able to obtain a license to use a suitable alternative technology to permit us to continue offering
 and our customers to continue using
 our affected products or technology. In addition
 we may be required to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims
 which would increase the cost to us. &nbsp;An adverse determination could also prevent us from offering our products or services to others. Infringement claims asserted with or without merit against us may have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. &nbsp;Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a customer and a third party
 an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our technology in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. &nbsp;Moreover
 such infringement claims with or without merit may harm our relationships with our existing customers and may deter others from dealing with us.

Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. &nbsp;While we hold one issued patent and pending patent applications covering certain elements of our technology
 these patents
 and
 more generally
 existing patent laws
 may not provide adequate protection for portions of the technology that are important to our business. In addition
 our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents.


 copyright
 trademark and trade secret laws offer us only limited protection and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent. Accordingly
 defense of our trademarks and proprietary technology may become an increasingly important issue as we seek to expand our product development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection than the U.S. Policing unauthorized use of our trademarks and technology is difficult and the steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of the trademarks or technology on which we rely. If competitors are able to use our trademarks or technology without recourse
 our ability to compete would be harmed and our business would be materially and adversely affected.







 the reduction or loss in intellectual property protection for our technology
 the diversion of our management's attention and harm to our reputation
 any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. &nbsp;If we do not pay cash dividends
 you could receive a return on your investment in our common stock only if the market price of our common stock has increased when you sell your shares.

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity securities. We have outstanding warrants and convertible debt that may result in substantially more outstanding shares
 which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.

We have not finished developing our products or sold any products. &nbsp;We have only begun test marketing. &nbsp;We cannot be assured that there is a sufficient market demand for our products. &nbsp;In addition
 while we are actively pursuing the relationships necessary to begin manufacturing and marketing the Wellness Tests
 we have not yet finalized agreements with potential business partners
 including third-party resellers
 labs or distributors of the Wellness Tests. &nbsp;Failure to secure these critical alliances on reasonable terms could negatively impact us
 our business and future plans.

We do not own or operate
 and currently do not plan to own or operate
 manufacturing facilities for production of tests or devices which are critical to the successful operation of the business. We plan to target manufacturers and to form alliances for the mass production of our products
 but we have no assurance that such alliances will be established. Furthermore
 once we enter into such relationships
 we may not have sufficient long-term agreements with any third-party manufacturers to ensure adequate supply and price controls. &nbsp;This may result in delays
 quality control issues
 additional expenses
 and failure to meet demand or other customer obligations or needs.

The success of our products is contingent upon one or more third parties manufacturing products according to design specifications. In practice
 this is difficult to enforce and guarantee. As a result
 we may never realize the expected efficiency
 quality or sensitivity of our products and
 as a result
 may be required to continue research and development with another manufacturer. &nbsp;If a joint venture partner or contractor fails to meet design specifications
 we will experience delays in commencing operations or delays in fulfilling orders in the future. Such delays could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.








 Michigan and 2
000 square feet in Keego Harbor
 Michigan on a month to month basis to serve as the headquarters of our company. &nbsp;&nbsp;The monthly rent is $4
500.













Item 5. &nbsp;Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.




 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.


Year ended December 31
 2015



























Year ended December 31
 2016


























 2016 we had 145 shareholders of record.


 due to our need to retain all of our cash for operations. &nbsp;We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.




 2016
 we issued 517
500 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 in connection with $1
000
000 of convertible debt financings in the first quarter.


 2016
 we issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 in connection with $250
000 of convertible debt financings in the second quarter.


 2016
 we issued 330
000 shares of common stock valued at $18
000 in connection with $500
000 of convertible debt financings in the third quarter. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company also issued 3
500
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $175
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm.


 2016
 we issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 in connection with $250
000 of convertible debt financings in the fourth quarter.


 as amended (&#147;the Act&#148;) or Section 4(2) under the Act
 based on the following facts: in each case
 there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of investors
 each of whom was an &#147;accredited investor&#148; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the &#147;1933 Act&#148;
 as amended) and/or was (either alone or with his/her purchaser representative) sophisticated about business and financial matters
 each such investor had the opportunity to ask questions of our management and to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and all shares issued were subject to restrictions on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchasers were not underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the 1933 Act.















 we have put in place a business model in which we would derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be derived from or are initially based on the algae cultures. We expect that these planned new products will likely be sold to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) a toll on bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers. Further
 we expect to license our bioactive molecules as lead compounds or templates for synthetic variants intended for therapeutic applications.


 we are developing
 with the intention to manufacture
 market
 and sell tests
 that we believe will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks. &nbsp;We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:



 alternately named Gen 1.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize a series of tests
 which are intended to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#147;Phase One Test&#148;). &nbsp;The Phase One Test is being designed to measure biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 and antioxidant status to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and from which metabolic syndrome can be inferred.



 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology focused on the positive or negative metabolic effects of metabolizing fat and muscle efficiency due to changes in diet
 exertion
 hydration and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems.



 we plan to develop and commercialize additional tests intended to provide a more complete metabolic profile for an individual utilizing the metabolites present in urine. The Company believes the Gen 2.0 tests
 in aggregate
 will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time. This technology can also be applied to livestock and companion animals. As capital funding becomes available
 the Company will move forward with product development.


 diabetes
 autoimmune diseases and cancer. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Wellness Tests are intended to identify pre-conditions to such illnesses. &nbsp;Such identification may allow for early intervention and reduce incidence of such illnesses or forestall their onset. &nbsp;This is critically important to large employers
 insurers and governmental agencies who are payers for health claims and are facing massive increases in premiums or cash outlays.


 report
 record and manage wellness and health data for large groups such as large employers
 pension funds
 accountable care organizations
 state Medicaid agencies and their actuarial consultants
 underwriters
 re-insurers and wellness consultants. The software also contains tools to conduct meta-analysis of baseline health benchmarks and monitor the progress of pre-clinical intervention programs within large groups.


 we have been incurring significant operating losses and negative cash flow. We experienced only nominal sales of our algal product
 which was pulled from the market in January of 2012
 and have relied primarily on the sale of company securities and shareholder loans to fund operations. &nbsp;&nbsp;We are also experiencing an ongoing and substantial working capital deficiency. We have had difficulty raising capital from third parties. In March of 2017
 we successfully raised capital to fund operations and research for the first half of 2017. If we are unable to obtain additional funding in the near term
 we may be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case you would likely suffer a total loss of your investment in our company. 

Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31
 2016 and 2015




 2016 and 2015.




 2016 and 2015. As noted above
 we ceased all sales activities as of January 2012.









 2016 and 2015. &nbsp;As noted above
 we ceased all sales activities as of January 2012.




000 to $832
000 in 2016 compared to $963
000 in 2015. &nbsp;General and administrative expenses decreased in the following areas: a reduction of WellMetris operating expenses of $108
000
 travel expenses of $22
000 and an overall reduction in office expenses. &nbsp;Our decrease in general and administrative expenses was due to our difficulty in raising capital.




000 to $1
869
000 in 2016 compared to $1
060
000 in 2015. Professional fees and consulting expense were increased in 2016 due to the following: an increase of $824
000 in the use of an Investor Relations Firm and use of financial consultants (of the total expense in 2016 related to these activities of $1
378
000
 $1
291
000 was a non-cash expense in the forms of stock and warrants issued for services rendered)
 an increase of $19
000 in filing and listing fees
 and an increase in legal and accounting fees of $24
000 offset by a reduction in Board of Director Fess of $57
000 (of the total expense in 2016 related to these activities of $110
000
 $70
000 was a non-cash expense in the form of warrants issued for services rendered).




000 to $789
000 in 2016 compared to $1
033
000 in 2015 for the comparable period. The decrease in research and development for 2016 can be attributed to a decrease in available funding. We expect external research and development to increase in 2017 as we pursue additional external trials
 subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 which we do not currently have.




 2016
 we recorded approximately $1
376
000 relating to amortization of bond discount as compared to $2
048
for the year ended December 31
 2015
 a $642
000 decrease. &nbsp;The decrease is due to a reduction of in amortization of bond discounts based on the timing of the discounts. &nbsp;The discounts are amortized over a two year period
 and a number of periods rolled out during 2016. &nbsp;


 2016
 we recorded approximately $135
000 in amortization of deferred finance costs as compared to $85
000 in 2015. &nbsp;The increase of $50
000 is due to additional funding received in 2016 which incurred finance costs which are amortized over a two year period. &nbsp;


 2016
 we recorded approximately $72
000 in finance costs paid in stock and warrants as compared to $96
000 in 2015. &nbsp;The decrease of $24
000 was due to a lower funding level combined with a lower stock price which is used to calculate the finance costs.


 2016
 we recorded approximately $986
000 in interest expense as compared to $720
000 in 2015. The increase of $266
000 is due to the increased debt the Company incurred in 2016.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the reasons discussed herein
 there is a significant risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 you would likely suffer a total loss of your investment in our company.







 2017
 we had cash in the bank of $1
005
000. We have incurred significant net losses since inception
 including a net loss of approximately $6
060
000 during the year ended December 31
 2016. We have
 since inception
 consistently incurred negative cash flow from operations. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 we incurred negative cash flows from operations of approximately $2
543
000. As of December 31
 2016
 we had a working capital deficiency of $10
662
057 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $13
621
235. Although we recently raised a limited amount of capital
 we have a near term need for significant additional capital.


 2016
 our operating activities used approximately $2
543
000 in cash
 compared with $2
297
000 in cash during the comparable prior period. &nbsp;The approximate $247
000 decrease in cash used by our operating activities was due primarily to the following (all of which are approximated): a $270
000 increase in net loss
 a $427
000 change (decrease) in accounts payable
 a $20
000 change (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 a $14
000 change in due to related party (decrease)
 and a $265
000 change in accrued interest (increase)
 offset by a $24
000 decrease in financing costs (a non-cash expense item)
 a $135
000 decrease in accrued liabilities
 a $464
000 decrease in amortization and depreciation (a non-cash expense item) and an increase of $836
000 in stocks and warrants issued for services rendered &nbsp;(a non-cash expense item).


 2016 and 2015
 there were no investing activities.


 2016 and 2015
 our financing activities generated $3
034
000 and $2
312
000 in cash
 respectively. The difference of $722
000 was primarily related to a net increase of proceeds of $1
183
000 from issuance of convertible debentures (with loans payable converted into convertible debentures)
 offset by a decrease of $287
000 in loans from related parties
 a decrease of $48
000 from the proceeds of sales of common stocks and deferred finance costs of $125
000.


 we entered into an agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (&#147;HEP&#148;) under which HEP agreed to purchase convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2
000
000. &nbsp;Through 2016
 we amended this agreement to provide for funding up to $17
500
000. &nbsp;As of the date of this filing
 HEP had advanced a total of $14 million pursuant to this arrangement. &nbsp;HEP&#146;s convertible notes are secured by all our assets.


 we continue to experience a shortage of capital
 which is materially and adversely affecting our ability to run our business. As noted above
 we have been largely dependent upon external sources for funding. We have in the past had difficulty in raising capital from external sources. &nbsp;We are still heavily reliant upon external financing for the continuation of our research and development program.


000
000 in cash over the next 12 months in order to fund our normal operations and to fund our research and development initiatives. Based on this cash requirement
 we have a near term need for additional funding. Historically
 we have had substantial difficulty raising funds from external sources; however
 we recently were able to raise a limited amount of capital from outside sources. If we are unable to raise the required capital
 we will be forced to curtail our business operations
 including our research and development activities. 




 anticipated income streams are to be generated from the following:





 isolated natural compounds and synthetic variants thereof










 the primary selling season is November through April of any given year.























 the Reports thereon
 and the Notes thereto
 commencing on page F-1 of this report
 which Consolidated Financial Statements
 Reports
 Notes and data are incorporated herein by reference.








 Based on their evaluation as of December 31
 2016
 our Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and instructions for Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016. In making this assessment
. Based on our assessment of those criteria
 management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016.



This Management&#146;s report is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 unless we specifically state in a future filing that such report is to be considered filed.


There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the year ended December 31
 2016 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.












Item 10. &nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.








 directors and employees. We will upon request and without charge provide a copy of our Code of Ethics. Requests should be directed to Principal Accounting Officer
 Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320.









Item 13. &nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.





















 or hereby incorporated by reference into
 this Form 10-K.















 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC.




Date: &nbsp;March 31
 2017









 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



 Principal


 President

 2017



 

 Director

 2017



 Director

 2017



 Director

 2017



 Director

 2017



 Director

 2017


















ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; deficiency and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. Also
 an audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and Subsidiaries at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has incurred significant operating losses for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 and
 as of December 31
 2016
 has a significant working capital and stockholders&#146; deficiency. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ WOLINETZ
 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C. 

 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.

 New York

 2017













ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES











December 31



December 31

















16
589

506
986


12
341
13
437


28
930
520
423



 NET
43
750
18
750





Deferred Finance Costs
 net

198
119




72
680

737
292










1
114
426

666
365


211
233
319
234

Loans Payable
 Related Parties
337
107
245
979

Convertible Debentures Payable
 less discount of $385
190 and $500
490 at December 31
 2015 and 2016
 respectively
1
224
510
6
886
710


1
673
386
2
659
574


410
248
404
618


4
970
910
11
182
480




Convertible Debenture Payable
1
458
741 and $ 73
953 at December 31
 2015 and 2016
 respectively
4
598
759
3
176
047


4
598
759
3
176
047


9
569
669
14
358
527







Common stock
 $.001 par value
 450
000
000 shares authorized; 132
156
136
745
347 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2016
 respectively
132
157
136
745


38
085
266
40
016
059


(47
714
412)
(53
774
039)


(9
496
989)
(13
621
235)





72
680

737
292













ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



















December 31



December 31




















963
296
832
239


1
059
633
1
869
234


1
033
351
788
971


3
056
280
3
490
444




(3
056
280)
(3
490
444)






34
927



(1
866
842)
(1
376
182)



(26
813)


(84
645)
(108
000)


(95
580)
(72
000)


(718
311)
(950
698)


(2
400)
(35
490)




(2
732
851)
(2
569
183)





(5
789
131)

6
059
627)












130
945
979
133
844
254















ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1
 2015 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2016

















































Balance
 January 1
 2015
128
773
859

128
774

35
427
339

(41
925
281)

(6
369
168)






126
679

126
679




321
845

321
845




16
053

16
053


961
539

75
190

76
151


970
000

47
530

48
500


100
000






500
000

59
500

60
000




1
916
501

1
916
501




21
150

21
150


851
378

73
579

74
430





(5
789
131)
(5
789
131)



Balance
 December 31
 2015
132
156
776

132
157

38
085
266

(47
714
412)

(9
496
989)






69
712

69
712




1
116
444

1
116
444




15
601

15
601


3
500
000
3
500
171
500

175
000




106
693

106
693




99
931

99
931


1
088
571
1
088
70
912

72
000




280
000

280
000





(6
059
627)
(6
059
627)



Balance
 December 31
 2016
136
745
347

136
745

40
016
059

(53
774
039)

(13
621
235)



































ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



















December 31



December 31











(5
789
131)

(6
059
627)




397
997
1
291
444


16
053
15
601


126
679
69
713


95
580
72
000



26
813


1
866
842
1
376
181


25
000
25
000




19
383
(1
096)


(21
430)
(448
061)


121
500
108
001


720
711
986
188


123
929
(5
630)


(2
296
887)
(2
543
473)











Proceeds (payments) from loans payable
 related parties
196
093
(91
130)



(125
000)


2
067
500
3
250
000


48
500



2
312
093
3
033
870



15
206
490
397


1
383
16
589




16
589

506
986































 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




For the Year Ended December 31
 2016:


 2016
 the Company recorded $49
630 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2016
 the Company recorded $17
439 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2016
 the Company recorded $24
218 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures
 and issued 900
000 common stock warrants
 valued at $50
371 as Deferred Finance Costs. These warrants are exercisable at $.10 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance.


 2016
 the Company recorded $15
407 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures
 and the Company issued 975
000 common stock warrants
 valued at $49
560 as Deferred Finance Costs. These warrants are exercisable at $.10 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. In addition
 the Company reduced its 11% Convertible Debt
 due to a related party by $280
000 to offset an award received in settlement of litigation against the related party.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2015:


 2015
 the Company recorded $211
501 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2015
 the Company recorded $705
000 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2015
 the holder of 11% Convertible Debentures
 converted $30
000 into 250
000 shares of the Company's common stock.


 2015
 the Company recorded $500
000 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2015
 the holder of 11% Convertible Debentures
 converted $30
000 into 250
000 shares of the Company's common stock.


 2015
 the Company recorded $500
000 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.













 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company's focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks.






059
627 and $5
789
131 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $10
662
057 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $13
621
235 at December 31
 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.


 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&#146;s existing stockholders.




 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. &nbsp;There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.


 2016
 the Company received proceeds of $3
250
000 from the issuance of 11% convertible debt.



 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.

The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. &nbsp;&nbsp;

 For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2016
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.






Property and equipment consists of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. 




813 and $-0- for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 104&#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 101&#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments will be provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded.




 2016 and 2015 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.




 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $789
000 and $1
033
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. 






 2016 and 2015 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#147;change in ownership&#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.




Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &nbsp;At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.







 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
201
758 and $464
577 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 respectively.





Year Ended December 31






























 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.




 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2015
 consisted of 73
883
330 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 14
705
818 common shares from outstanding warrants. &nbsp;&nbsp;For 2016 and 2015
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.








000 at times during the year.








 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. &nbsp;ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. ASU 2014-09 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.







 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15) &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements &#150; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).&#148; &nbsp;The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. &nbsp;Early application is permitted. &nbsp;This Update had no effect on the Company&#146;s financial position and results of operations for the year ended December 31
 2016.


 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.




 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:




December 31



December 31











20
000

20
000


80
000
80
000




100
000
100
000


(81
250)
(56
250)





18
750

43
750




000 and $25
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




 2016 and 2015
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 a related party
 cumulative balances of $319
234 and $211
234
 respectively. &nbsp;The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. &nbsp;For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $108
000 and $111
820
 respectively.

NOTE 6 &#150; LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES


 2015
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had advanced the Company a total of $156
405
 which remained unpaid as of December 31
 2015. &nbsp;During 2016
 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company an additional $20
000
 for a total advanced as of December 31
 2016 of $176
405. &nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $20
396 and $19
835
 respectively.


 2015
 Officers had advanced the Company $2
000
 which amount remained unpaid as of December 31
 2015. &nbsp;This amount was repaid in 2016.


 2015
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company $2
246
202 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
067
500 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $178
702 as of December 31
 2015. &nbsp;


 2016
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $1
890
872 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $69
574 as of December 31
 2016. &nbsp;&nbsp;








HEP Investments
 LLC &#150; Related Party


 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through September 30
 2016:


500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $17
500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) and (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents and &nbsp;(v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company&#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#146;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.


 2015
 the Company recorded a debt discount
 related to the $2
067
500 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $1
916
501
 to reflect the beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debt and fair value of the warrants pursuant to Emerging Issues Task Force (&#147;EITF&#148;) 00-27: Application of EITF 98-5
 &#147;Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features on Contingently Adjustable Conversion Rates
&#148; to certain convertible instruments. In accordance with EITF 00-27
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $1
773
078 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $143
423 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of discounts was $1
866
842 for the year ended December 31
 2015. &nbsp;The $2
067
500 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share.


 2016
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to the $2
000
000 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $106
693
 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $1
376
181 for the years ended December 31
 2016. &nbsp;The $2
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. As discussed in Note 13 &#150; Settlement of Litigation &#150; Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt by $280
000 (at $.12 per share) relating to a settlement with the Company.


 2016
 amounts advanced under the Note are convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock according to the following schedule: (A) $4
152
200 at $.10 per share
 (B) $2
320
000 at $.12 per share
 (C) $1
285
000 at $.15 per share
 (D) $640
000 at $.22 per share
 and (E) $750
000 at $.30 per share
 (ii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. &nbsp;The Seventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (effective December 31
 2015) resets the Due Dates of Tranches 1 through 13 (totaling $3
740
000) to October 14
 2017. The Eighth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (effective September 30
 2016) resets the Due Dates of Tranches 14 through 16 (totaling $1
369
700) to January 31
 2017. The remaining Tranches 17 to 30
 totaling $4
067
500
 are due on varying anniversary dates ranging from February 28
 2017 through August 25
 2018. &nbsp;Accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#148; As of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 unpaid interest due was $2
502
367 and $1
572
065
 respectively and is included in accrued liabilities. &nbsp;


 the Lender converted $60
000 of the debt (at $.12 per share). Any Note that has not yet matured may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.






Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt


 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). &nbsp;This agreement provides that Paulson can provide up to $2 million in financings through &#147;accredited investors&#148; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). &nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#147;New Lenders&#148;). &nbsp;Each loan includes a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#147;New Lenders Notes&#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
basis. &nbsp;The loans have a two year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). &nbsp;Paulson receives a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $.10 per share.






 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30 day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. &nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#148;










December 31



December 31









1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2017

240
000

240
000



11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $574
443 and $1
843
931
 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2017 to October 2018
8
572
757
5
583
269



 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2018
1
250
000



10
062
757
5
823
269


6
886
710
1
224
510





3
176
047

4
598
759














 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
664 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 128.38%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.68%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Thomas K. Cox in June
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.15 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $6
185 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 155.43%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.09%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Cox is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John B. Payne in July
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
876 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 155.43%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0. 109%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Payne is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


 2015
 the board of directors amended its policy for the compensation of its directors. The Board granted to each of its five (5) Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The unvested portion of the previously granted warrants were cancelled due to the Company&#146;s change to a program where all director warrant grants are made once per year at the same time. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served. &nbsp;As such
 Mr. Cox&#146;s unvested warrant of 36
986 shares
 Ms. Masterson&#146;s warrant of 959 shares
 Mr. Payne&#146;s warrant of 42
740 shares and Mr. Rice&#146;s unvested warrant of 15
890 shares
 were cancelled.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock to Robert O. Rondeau
 a new Director
 in March 2016
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $10
588 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 168.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.97%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rondeau will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.


 2016
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $59
125 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 171.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. &nbsp;In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


713 and $166
679 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 representing the cash fees and the value of the vested warrants described above.




 2015
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of common stock valued at $30
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On April 15
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
875
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of five years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $133
On June 26
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of five years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $151
On August 1
 2015
 the Company issued 461
539 shares of common stock valued at $46
154
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On September 10
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of five years to four of its consultants (100
000 warrants per consultant) working in research and development. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of five years and are fully vested. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $36
540 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0. 075%.







 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 14
500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $1
095
&nbsp;On September 19
 2016
 the Company issued 3
500
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $175
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. &nbsp;On November 17
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
381 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.41%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.04%.




 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $30
000 from the issuance of 600
000 shares of common stock. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $13
500 from the issuance of 270
000 shares of common stock. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $5
000 from the issuance of 100
000 shares of common stock. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $227
500 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 81
900 shares of common stock valued at $8
190 and a warrant to purchase 227
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
150 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 138.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.63%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $135
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 151
329 shares of common stock valued at $13
050 and a warrant to purchase 135
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
150 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 138.9%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.61%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $217
800 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
011 shares of common stock valued at $7
841 and a warrant to purchase 217
800 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $13
326 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.31%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $237
200 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 121
989 shares of common stock valued at $8
539 and a warrant to purchase 237
200 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $14
531 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.7%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.50%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 69
231 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $30
012 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.9%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.75%. See Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $22
972 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.55%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 81
818 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $25
221 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.72%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
065 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.65%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;







 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
065 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.75%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $8
018 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 158.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $750
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 337
500 shares of common stock valued at $27
000 and a warrant to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $44
371 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 167.7%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.85%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
746 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $11
523 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.75%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 150
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $13
939 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &nbsp;


 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $16
419 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.2%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.




 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.085. The warrants were valued at $3
800 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.17%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.31%. On May 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
582 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.464%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.57%. &nbsp;On August 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.11. The warrants were valued at $5
019 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.72%. &nbsp;On November 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
652 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 151.81%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.2%.







 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
On May 13
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
777 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.23%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.76%. &nbsp;On August 12
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.07. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
307 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.71%. &nbsp;On November 14
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
745 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.00%.








December 31
 2016

December 31
 2015























Outstanding
 beginning of year
14
705
818


9
053
005




20
350
000

7
192
500











(96
575)



(2
983
917)

(1
443
112)




Outstanding
 end of period
32
071
901


14
705
818






 2016 were as follows:










































































1
250
000



1
250
000




18
625
000


18
625
000



309
110


309
110



7
327
200


7
327
200



99
041


99
041



50
000


50
000



2
485
274


2
485
274



50
000


50
000



100
000


100
000



250
000


250
000



269
276


269
276



707
000


707
000



250
000


250
000



250
000


250
000



50
000


50
000



32
071
901

32
071
901














 2014
 the Company settled a dispute with one of its vendors. &nbsp;The settlement agreement calls for the Company to make 10 payments of $6
250. &nbsp;If the payments are not made timely
 a total liability of $97
463 out of the gross amount recorded on the Company&#146;s books of $191
146 will be due. &nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company met its obligation for timely payments and recognized an additional $34
963 (the difference between the $97
463 remaining liability and the agreed upon payments of $62
500) as &quot;Other Income&quot; on its Statement of Operations the year ended December 31
 2015.






 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011 as amended August 11
 2016. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &nbsp;Mr. Dahl is compensated as follows: &nbsp;he receives an annual base salary of $240
000. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. &nbsp;Further
 as it relates to Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetris
 LLC (&#147;WellMetris&#148;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetris for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetris to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetris at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetris. &nbsp;Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetris. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination.




 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.




 which covers on the job injury.



























 2016 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $39
732
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2016 through 2036. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.


 2016 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $15
893
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &nbsp;The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 40% and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $3
693
000 in 2016.




 2015
 a shareholder of the Company (&#147;Shareholder&#148;) brought action against HEP Investment alleging certain technical violations of Section 16(b) of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended. &nbsp;On March 3
 2017
 without admitting any liability whatsoever
 HEP Investment settled with the Shareholder by agreeing to reduce the Company&#146;s debt owed to HEP Investment by $280
000. Related to this debt reduction
 the Company will pay to the Shareholder&#146;s legal counsel $60
000 and 250
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock valued at $22
500. &nbsp;The Company considered the settlement to be a Type 1 subsequent event and recorded legal fees of $82
500 on the Statement of Operations and recorded the settlement amount of $280
000 as a reduction of convertible debt owed to HEP Investments and an increase to Additional Paid-In Capital.



CONVERTIBLE DEBT: HEP Investments
 LLC




 2017
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of March 1
 2017: (i) Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. &nbsp;The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on January 7
 2016. &nbsp;The Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. &nbsp;The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 is $12
982
203. &nbsp;This amount includes unpaid principal of $9
427
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
955
003 and restructuring and legal fees of $600
000.


 as consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to provide for the conversion of the $12
982
203 Convertible Promissory Note into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at $.10 per share
 with interest at the rate of 11% per annum.


 2017 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter.


 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $12
982
203 convertible debt
 would be 129
822
030 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.









517
797 in funding is achieved): (i) a $361
602 closing fee
 consisting of $216
961 in cash
 and $144
641 paid in shares of common stock
 which will be accomplished by the issuance of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price. &nbsp;




 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#148; &nbsp;As such
 the Company will recognize a loss on extinguishment.

11% Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
 LLC


 2017
 HEP Investments LLC (&#147;Lender&#148;) funded an additional of $1
000
000. &nbsp;Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years. &nbsp;The terms of the debt are in described in Note 7 - Convertible Debt.




 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &nbsp;

























Articles of Incorporation of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 as amended



Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company
 dated July 24
 2012



Amended Articles of Incorporation dated October 16
 2014 for name change



Certificate to Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Incorporation dated November 14
 2016 







Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



IP Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Investor Rights Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated November 8
 2011



Subscription Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Subordinated Convertible Note with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 27
 2012



Warrant Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Security Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Termination Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012 (terminating agreements with Venture Group
 LLC dated November 8
 2011)



Termination Agreement with Oxford Holdings
 LLC
 dated January 26
 2012



License Agreement between Zus Health LLC and the Company dated September 2
 2010



Lease Agreement between the Company and BCO
 LLC dated February 28
 2011



Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note and the First Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 15
 2013



Asset Purchase Agreement with Essex Angel Capital Inc. dated April 15
 2013



Second Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 16
 2013



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 17
 2014



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Fourth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Change of Control Agreement dated August 10
 2014



Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Sixth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated April 9
 2015



Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Seventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated December 31
 2015



Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Andrew Dahl
 the Registrant&#146;s CEO



Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



















Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended



Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

















 2015 and incorporated herein by this reference.


 2013 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2016 and incorporated by this reference.


 2010 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference. 


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2011 and incorporated by this reference.


 2011 and incorporated by this reference.


 2013 and incorporated by this reference.


 2013 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2014 and incorporated by this reference.


 2015 and incorporated by this reference.


 2015 and incorporated by this reference.


 2015 and incorporated by this reference.


 2016 and incorporated by this reference.


 2016 and incorporated by this reference.


 2016 and incorporated by this reference.


 2016 and incorporated by this reference.


 2016 and incorporated by this reference.


 2016 and incorporated by this reference.


 2017 and incorporated by this reference.


 2017 and incorporated by this reference.































of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Andrew D. Dahl
 certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.



 2017





























of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Philip M. Rice II certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.



 2017

































(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)



 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Andrew D. Dahl
 Chief Administrative Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 



 2017







 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.































(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)



 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Philip M. Rice II
 Chief Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 



 2017







 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.


















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt






























		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt

























































































































































































	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company&apos;s focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing


059
627 and $5
789
131 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $10
662
057 and a stockholders&amp;#146; deficiency of $13
621
235 at December 31
 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&apos;s ability to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&amp;#146;s existing stockholders.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. &amp;nbsp;There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company received proceeds of $3
250


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; - &lt;/b&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &amp;nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &amp;nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; -&lt;/b&gt; For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2016
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &amp;#150; &lt;/b&gt;Property and equipment consists of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &amp;nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. &amp;nbsp;These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. &amp;nbsp;Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $26
813 and $-0- for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;For revenue from product sales
 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 104&amp;#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 101&amp;#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&amp;#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments will be provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company&apos;s research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $789
000 and $1
033
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability method. &amp;nbsp;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2016 and 2015 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &amp;#147;change in ownership&amp;#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &amp;nbsp;At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;During 2016 and 2015
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &amp;nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
201
758 and $464
577 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;206&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:154.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;158.53% to 173.53%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;128.36% to 155.43%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;.71% to 1.04%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;.51% to 1.75%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. &amp;nbsp;Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2015
 consisted of 73
883
330 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 14
705
818 common shares from outstanding warrants. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;For 2016 and 2015
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred. &amp;nbsp;There were no Advertising Costs during the years 2016 and 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. &amp;nbsp;The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the year.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Certain items in these consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Future Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. &amp;nbsp;ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. ASU 2014-09 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15) &amp;#147;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#150; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).&amp;#148; &amp;nbsp;The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. &amp;nbsp;Early application is permitted. &amp;nbsp;This Update had no effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position and results of operations for the year ended December 31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective




 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(81
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(56
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;18
750&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;43


 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(81
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(56
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;216&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:2.25in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;18
750&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:64.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;43
750&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization was $25
000 and $25
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015


 2016 and 2015
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 a related party
 cumulative balances of $319
234 and $211
234
 respectively. &amp;nbsp;The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $108
000 and $111
820


 RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had advanced the Company a total of $156
405
 which remained unpaid as of December 31
 2015. &amp;nbsp;During 2016
 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company an additional $20
000
 for a total advanced as of December 31
 2016 of $176
405. &amp;nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $20
396 and $19
835
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2015
 Officers had advanced the Company $2
000
 which amount remained unpaid as of December 31
 2015. &amp;nbsp;This amount was repaid in 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company $2
246
202 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
067
500 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $178
702 as of December 31
 2015. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $1
890
872 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $69
574 as of December 31


 LLC &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through September 30
 2016:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $17
500
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) and (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents and &amp;nbsp;(v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded a debt discount
 related to the $2
067
500 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $1
916
501
 to reflect the beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debt and fair value of the warrants pursuant to Emerging Issues Task Force (&amp;#147;EITF&amp;#148;) 00-27: Application of EITF 98-5
 &amp;#147;Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features on Contingently Adjustable Conversion Rates
&amp;#148; to certain convertible instruments. In accordance with EITF 00-27
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $1
773
078 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $143
423 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of discounts was $1
866
842 for the year ended December 31
 2015. &amp;nbsp;The $2
067
500 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to the $2
000
000 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $106
693
 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $1
376
181 for the years ended December 31
 2016. &amp;nbsp;The $2
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. As discussed in Note 13 &amp;#150; Settlement of Litigation &amp;#150; Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt by $280
000 (at $.12 per share) relating to a settlement with the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2016
 amounts advanced under the Note are convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock according to the following schedule: (A) $4
152
200 at $.10 per share
 (B) $2
320
000 at $.12 per share
 (C) $1
285
000 at $.15 per share
 (D) $640
000 at $.22 per share
 and (E) $750
000 at $.30 per share
 (ii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. &amp;nbsp;The Seventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (effective December 31
 2015) resets the Due Dates of Tranches 1 through 13 (totaling $3
740
000) to October 14
 2017. The Eighth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (effective September 30
 2016) resets the Due Dates of Tranches 14 through 16 (totaling $1
369
700) to January 31
 2017. The remaining Tranches 17 to 30
 totaling $4
067
500
 are due on varying anniversary dates ranging from February 28
 2017 through August 25
 2018. &amp;nbsp;Accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148; As of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 unpaid interest due was $2
502
367 and $1
572
065
 respectively and is included in accrued liabilities. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;In 2015
 the Lender converted $60
000 of the debt (at $.12 per share). Any Note that has not yet matured may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). &amp;nbsp;This agreement provides that Paulson can provide up to $2 million in financings through &amp;#147;accredited investors&amp;#148; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &amp;#147;New Lenders&amp;#148;). &amp;nbsp;Each loan includes a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#147;New Lenders Notes&amp;#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (HEP) whereby HEP and the New Lenders agree to participate in all collateral a &lt;i&gt;pari passu &lt;/i&gt;basis. &amp;nbsp;The loans have a two year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). &amp;nbsp;Paulson receives a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $.10 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The New Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. &amp;nbsp;The New Lenders Notes must be repaid as follows: &amp;nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;In September 2014
 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30 day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. &amp;nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Convertible debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $574
443 and $1
843
931
 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2017 to October 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;8
572
757&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
583
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
062
757&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
823
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;6
886
710&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
224
510&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3
176
047&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;4
598


&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $574
443 and $1
843
931
 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2017 to October 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;8
572
757&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
583
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
062
757&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
823
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;6
886
710&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
224
510&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:214.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3
176
047&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;4
598


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
664 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 128.38%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.68%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Thomas K. Cox in June
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.15 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $6
185 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 155.43%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.09%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Cox is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John B. Payne in July
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
876 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 155.43%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0. 109%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Payne is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On September 10
 2015
 the board of directors amended its policy for the compensation of its directors. The Board granted to each of its five (5) Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The unvested portion of the previously granted warrants were cancelled due to the Company&amp;#146;s change to a program where all director warrant grants are made once per year at the same time. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served. &amp;nbsp;As such
 Mr. Cox&amp;#146;s unvested warrant of 36
986 shares
 Ms. Masterson&amp;#146;s warrant of 959 shares
 Mr. Payne&amp;#146;s warrant of 42
740 shares and Mr. Rice&amp;#146;s unvested warrant of 15
890 shares
 were cancelled.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock to Robert O. Rondeau
 a new Director
 in March 2016
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $10
588 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 168.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.97%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rondeau will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On September 10
 2016
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $59
125 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 171.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company recorded directors&amp;#146; fees of $109
713 and $166
679 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 representing the cash fees and the value of the vested warrants described above.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On April 23
 2015
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of common stock valued at $30
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On April 15
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
875
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of five years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $133
862 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.36%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.15%. On June 26
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of five years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $151
443 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.93%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.75%. On August 1
 2015
 the Company issued 461
539 shares of common stock valued at $46
154
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On September 10
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of five years to four of its consultants (100
000 warrants per consultant) working in research and development. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of five years and are fully vested. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $36
540 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0. 075%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On May 19
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 14
500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $1
095
063 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.07%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.89%. &amp;nbsp;On September 19
 2016
 the Company issued 3
500
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $175
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. &amp;nbsp;On November 17
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
381 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.41%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.04%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On January 14
 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $30
000 from the issuance of 600
000 shares of common stock. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On January 23
 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $13
500 from the issuance of 270
000 shares of common stock. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On February 17
 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $5
000 from the issuance of 100
000 shares of common stock. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On February 27
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $227
500 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 81
900 shares of common stock valued at $8
190 and a warrant to purchase 227
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
150 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 138.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.63%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On March 27
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $135
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 151
329 shares of common stock valued at $13
050 and a warrant to purchase 135
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
150 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 138.9%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.61%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On April 17
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $217
800 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
011 shares of common stock valued at $7
841 and a warrant to purchase 217
800 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $13
326 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.31%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On May 1
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $237
200 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 121
989 shares of common stock valued at $8
539 and a warrant to purchase 237
200 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $14
531 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.7%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.50%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On June 26
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 69
231 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $30
012 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.9%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.75%. See Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 7
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $22
972 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.55%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On September 2
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 81
818 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $25
221 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.72%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 8
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
065 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.65%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 29
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
065 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.75%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On January 27
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $8
018 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 158.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On March 1
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $750
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 337
500 shares of common stock valued at $27
000 and a warrant to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $44
371 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 167.7%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.85%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On May 16
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
746 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.1%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 26
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $11
523 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.3%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.75%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On August 25
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 150
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $13
939 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.8%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 20
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $16
419 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.2%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.84%. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Executive Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;On April 6
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.085. The warrants were valued at $3
800 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.17%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.31%. On May 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
582 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.464%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.57%. &amp;nbsp;On August 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.11. The warrants were valued at $5
019 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.72%. &amp;nbsp;On November 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
652 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 151.81%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.2%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On March 29
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
771 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 169.28%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. &amp;nbsp;On May 13
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
777 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.23%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.76%. &amp;nbsp;On August 12
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.07. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
307 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.71%. &amp;nbsp;On November 14
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
745 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 173.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.00%. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s warrants is presented below.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;160&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:120pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;166&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:124.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;14
705
818&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;9
053
005&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;20
350
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;7
192
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(96
575)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(2
983
917)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(1
443
112)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;14
705
818&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2016 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;196&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:147pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Remaining&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Range of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Contractual Life in Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;4.70&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;4.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;309
110&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;309
110&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;7
327
200&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3.99&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;7
327
200&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;99
041&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;99
041&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2.62&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
485
274&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
485
274&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.46&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.75&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.52&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.90&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.01&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.79&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;32
071


 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;166&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:124.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;14
705
818&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;9
053
005&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;20
350
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;7
192
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(96
575)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(2
983
917)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(1
443
112)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;177&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:132.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:48pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;14
705


 2016 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;196&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:147pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Remaining&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Range of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Contractual Life in Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;4.70&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;4.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;18
625
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;309
110&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;309
110&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;7
327
200&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3.99&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;7
327
200&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;99
041&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;99
041&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2.62&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
485
274&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
485
274&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.46&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.75&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;269
276&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.52&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;707
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.90&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.01&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;53&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;67&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:50.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;76&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.79&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:39pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:45pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;32
071


 2014
 the Company settled a dispute with one of its vendors. &amp;nbsp;The settlement agreement calls for the Company to make 10 payments of $6
250. &amp;nbsp;If the payments are not made timely
 a total liability of $97
463 out of the gross amount recorded on the Company&amp;#146;s books of $191
146 will be due. &amp;nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company met its obligation for timely payments and recognized an additional $34
963 (the difference between the $97
463 remaining liability and the agreed upon payments of $62
500) as &quot;Other Income&quot; on its Statement of Operations the year ended December 31


 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011 as amended August 11
 2016. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Dahl is compensated as follows: &amp;nbsp;he receives an annual base salary of $240
000. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&amp;#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&amp;#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &amp;nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. &amp;nbsp;Further
 as it relates to Company&amp;#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetris
 LLC (&amp;#147;WellMetris&amp;#148;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetris for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetris to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetris at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetris. &amp;nbsp;Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetris. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. &amp;nbsp;In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Workers&amp;#146; Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company does not carry workers&amp;#146; compensation insurance

	

 2016 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $39
732
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2016 through 2036. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2016 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $15
893
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &amp;nbsp;The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 40% and the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $3
693


 2015
 a shareholder of the Company (&amp;#147;Shareholder&amp;#148;) brought action against HEP Investment alleging certain technical violations of Section 16(b) of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended. &amp;nbsp;On March 3
 2017
 without admitting any liability whatsoever
 HEP Investment settled with the Shareholder by agreeing to reduce the Company&amp;#146;s debt owed to HEP Investment by $280
000. Related to this debt reduction
 the Company will pay to the Shareholder&amp;#146;s legal counsel $60
000 and 250
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock valued at $22
500. &amp;nbsp;The Company considered the settlement to be a Type 1 subsequent event and recorded legal fees of $82
500 on the Statement of Operations and recorded the settlement amount of $280


 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Modification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;On March 1
 2017
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of March 1
 2017: (i) Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. &amp;nbsp;The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&amp;#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on January 7
 2016. &amp;nbsp;The Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. &amp;nbsp;The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 is $12
982
203. &amp;nbsp;This amount includes unpaid principal of $9
427
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
955
003 and restructuring and legal fees of $600
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company
 as consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to provide for the conversion of the $12
982
203 Convertible Promissory Note into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $.10 per share
 with interest at the rate of 11% per annum.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The related indebtedness represented by this note shall be paid to the Lender in monthly installments of interest only beginning on July 1
 2017 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Based on the above
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $12
982
203 convertible debt
 would be 129
822
030 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Amounts advanced under the Note are secured by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company has agreed to pay the following fees in connection with the Loan transaction (when the final $4
517
797 in funding is achieved): (i) a $361
602 closing fee
 consisting of $216
961 in cash
 and $144
641 paid in shares of common stock
 which will be accomplished by the issuance of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company has made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Registrant&amp;#146;s senior management. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148; &amp;nbsp;As such
 the Company will recognize a loss on extinguishment.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11% Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On March 31
 2017
 HEP Investments LLC (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;) funded an additional of $1
000
000. &amp;nbsp;Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 an 11% convertible note and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years. &amp;nbsp;The terms of the debt are in described in Note 7 - Convertible Debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On February 27
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic


 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &amp;nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &amp;nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted


 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2016


 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets


813 and $-0- for the years ended December 31


 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 104&amp;#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 101&amp;#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&amp;#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances




 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $789
000 and $1
033
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015


 2016 and 2015 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition


 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &amp;nbsp;At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;During 2016 and 2015
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &amp;nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
201
758 and $464
577 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;206&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:154.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;158.53% to 173.53%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;128.36% to 155.43%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;130&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:97.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;.71% to 1.04%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;.51% to 1.75%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate


 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2015
 consisted of 73
883
330 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 14
705
818 common shares from outstanding warrants. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;For 2016 and 2015
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same

	


	

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. &amp;nbsp;ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. ASU 2014-09 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15) &amp;#147;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#150; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).&amp;#148; &amp;nbsp;The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. &amp;nbsp;Early application is permitted. &amp;nbsp;This Update had no effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position and results of operations for the year ended December 31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-0.5pt&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			



		


		




				


				




		















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt














		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity



		


		


		
		


		






		


		
		




		
		


		


		
		
		


		



000


000




 related to the $1
000
000 Note


 related to the $1
000
000 Note



		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 Mr. Cox is entitled to receive $10











		
		


		


		

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity&apos;s use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility



		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		




		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		

 net of income taxes



		
		
		


		



 less discount of $1
458
741 and $ 73
953 at December 31
 2015 and 2016



		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers&apos; compensation. As noncash



		


		


		


		

 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing



		


		




		
		
		


		


		






		


		


		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		

 after accumulated amortization




 LLC


 related security



		
		


		












		
		


		


		
		


		


		






		


		




		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		

 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity&apos;s common stock) as of the balance sheet date









		
		


		
		






		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		






		






		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		




		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		

 related security



		
		


		


		


		


		






		


		


		


		


		

 pending or threatened litigation



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		
		


		
		








		

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security



		

 related security



		
		


		
		




		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		

 but is not limited to



		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		










		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		






		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		

 net of income taxes



		


		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		


		


		






		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		










		
		


		


		


		

 typically the entity&apos;s common stock



		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		




		


		

 net of income taxes



		
		
		
		


		


		
		


		



 $.001 par value
 450
000
000 shares authorized; 132
156
776 and 136
745
347 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2016



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase



		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		

 pending or threatened litigation



		
		


		
		


		




		




		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		








		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		










		



 less discount of $385
190 and $500
490 at December 31
 2015 and 2016



		



 2017


 2017



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		

 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing



		


		
		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		




		
		




		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		



 a related party


 a related party



		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		




















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 29
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













 Inc.



























  2016


































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



995
347

































































967
207







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











986


589





437


341





423


930



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

750


750










Deferred Finance Costs
 net

119







292


680












365


114
426





234


233



Loans Payable
 Related Parties

979


107



Convertible Debentures Payable
 less discount of $385
190 and $500
490 at December 31
 2015 and 2016
 respectively

886
710


224
510





659
574


673
386





618


248





182
480


970
910










Convertible Debenture Payable
 less discount of $1
458
741 and $ 73
953 at December 31
 2015 and 2016
 respectively

176
047


598
759





176
047


598
759





358
527


569
669

















Common stock
 $.001 par value
 450
000
000 shares authorized; 132
156
776 and 136
745
347 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2016
 respectively

745


157





016
059


085
266





774
039)


714
412)





621
235)


496
989)





292


680




































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











490


190





953


458
741



Common Stock
 Par Value






Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 Shares Issued

745
347


156
776



Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

745
347


156
776

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015

























239


296





869
234


059
633





971


033
351





490
444


056
280





490
444)


056
280)














927





376
182)


866
842)





813)







000)


645)





000)


580)





698)


311)





490)


400)





569
183)


732
851)





059
627)


789
131)












844
254


945
979







The sum of the periodic adjustments of the differences between securities' face values and purchase prices that are charged against earnings. This is called accretion if the security was purchased at a discount and amortization if it was purchased at premium. As a noncash item
 this element is an adjustment to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.



















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.



















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).











































































































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Jan. 01
 2015

773
859


774


427
339


925
281)


369
168)









679




679









845




845









053




053





539




190




151





000




530




500





000













000




500




000









916
501




916
501









150




150





378




579




430











789
131)


789
131)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

156
776


157


085
266


714
412)


496
989)









712




712









116
444




116
444









601




601





500
000


500


500




000









693




693









931




931





088
571


088


912




000











059
627)


059
627)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

745
347


745


016
059


774
039)


621
235)



























































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.










































































































































































































Fair value of share-based compensation granted to nonemployees
 related parties as payment for services rendered or acknowledged claims.




























Fair value of share-based compensation granted to nonemployees
 related parties as payment for services rendered or acknowledged claims.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











059
627)


789
131)












291
444


997





601


053





713


679





000


580





813







376
181


866
842





000


000












096)


383





061)


430)





001


500





188


711





630)


929





543
473)


296
887)
























Proceeds (payments) from loans payable
 related parties

130)


093





000)







250
000


067
500







500





033
870


312
093





397


206





589


383





986


589




























The sum of the periodic adjustments of the differences between securities' face values and purchase prices that are charged against earnings. This is called accretion if the security was purchased at a discount and amortization if it was purchased at premium. As a noncash item
 this element is an adjustment to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Fair value of share-based compensation granted to nonemployees
 related party as payment for services rendered or acknowledged claims.















































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate net amount of depreciation
 amortization
 and accretion recognized during an accounting period. As a noncash item
 the net amount is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The cash inflow or outflow associated with long-term loans for related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party
 including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from (Payments for) Advances to Affiliates.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The business model of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company's focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company had a net loss of $6
059
627 and $5
789
131 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $10
662
057 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $13
621
235 at December 31
There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company received proceeds of $3
250
000 from the issuance of 11% convertible debt.



































The entire disclosure for the basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2016
Property and equipment consists of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. &nbsp;These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. &nbsp;Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $26
813 and $-0- for the years ended December 31
For revenue from product sales
 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 104&#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 101&#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company's research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $789
000 and $1
033
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2016 and 2015 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &nbsp;At the date of grant
During 2016 and 2015
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
201
758 and $464
577 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. &nbsp;Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2015
 consisted of 73
883
330 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 14
705
818 common shares from outstanding warrants. &nbsp;&nbsp;For 2016 and 2015
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. &nbsp;The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. &nbsp;ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15) &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements &#150; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).&#148; &nbsp;The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. &nbsp;Early application is permitted. &nbsp;This Update had no effect on the Company&#146;s financial position and results of operations for the year ended December 31
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Property and equipment at December 31
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(81
(56
18
43
Depreciation and amortization was $25
000 and $25
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







As of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 a related party
 cumulative balances of $319
234 and $211
234
 respectively. &nbsp;The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. &nbsp;For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $108
000 and $111
820
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES


Dec. 31
 2016

LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES:




LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES
NOTE 6 &#150; LOAN PAYABLE
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had advanced the Company a total of $156
405
 which remained unpaid as of December 31
 2015. &nbsp;During 2016
 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company an additional $20
000
 for a total advanced as of December 31
 2016 of $176
405. &nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $20
396 and $19
835
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 Officers had advanced the Company $2
000
 which amount remained unpaid as of December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company $2
246
202 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
067
500 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $178
702 as of December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $1
890
872 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 $2
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $69
574 as of December 31
 2016. &nbsp;&nbsp;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







HEP Investments
On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through September 30
(i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $17
500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) and (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents and &nbsp;(v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company&#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#146;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#146;s senior management
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded a debt discount
 related to the $2
067
500 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $1
916
501
 to reflect the beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debt and fair value of the warrants pursuant to Emerging Issues Task Force (&#147;EITF&#148;) 00-27: Application of EITF 98-5
 &#147;Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features on Contingently Adjustable Conversion Rates
&#148; to certain convertible instruments. In accordance with EITF 00-27
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $1
773
078 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $143
423 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of discounts was $1
866
842 for the year ended December 31
 2015. &nbsp;The $2
067
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to the $2
000
000 of Notes described previously (Note 6)
 in the amount of $106
693
 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $1
376
181 for the years ended December 31
 2016. &nbsp;The $2
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. As discussed in Note 13 &#150; Settlement of Litigation &#150; Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt by $280
As of December 31
 2016
 amounts advanced under the Note are convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock according to the following schedule: (A) $4
152
200 at $.10 per share
 (B) $2
320
000 at $.12 per share
 (C) $1
285
000 at $.15 per share
 (D) $640
000 at $.22 per share
 and (E) $750
000 at $.30 per share
 (ii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. &nbsp;The Seventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (effective December 31
 2015) resets the Due Dates of Tranches 1 through 13 (totaling $3
740
000) to October 14
 2017. The Eighth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (effective September 30
 2016) resets the Due Dates of Tranches 14 through 16 (totaling $1
369
700) to January 31
 2017. The remaining Tranches 17 to 30
 totaling $4
067
500
 are due on varying anniversary dates ranging from February 28
 2017 through August 25
 2018. &nbsp;Accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#148; As of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 unpaid interest due was $2
502
367 and $1
572
065
In 2015
 the Lender converted $60
000 of the debt (at $.12 per share). Any Note that has not yet matured may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
Paulson Investment Company
On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). &nbsp;This agreement provides that Paulson can provide up to $2 million in financings through &#147;accredited investors&#148; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). &nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#147;New Lenders&#148;). &nbsp;Each loan includes a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#147;New Lenders Notes&#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
basis. &nbsp;The loans have a two year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). &nbsp;Paulson receives a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
In September 2014
 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30 day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. &nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $574
443 and $1
843
931
 respectively
8
572
5
583
11% Convertible note payable &#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
1
250
10
062
5
823
6
886
1
224
3
176
4
598
759



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
664 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 128.38%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.68%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice is entitled to receive $10
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Thomas K. Cox in June
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.15 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $6
185 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 155.43%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.09%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Cox is entitled to receive $10
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John B. Payne in July
 2015
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
876 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 155.43%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0. 109%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Payne is entitled to receive $10
On September 10
 2015
 the board of directors amended its policy for the compensation of its directors. The Board granted to each of its five (5) Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The unvested portion of the previously granted warrants were cancelled due to the Company&#146;s change to a program where all director warrant grants are made once per year at the same time. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served. &nbsp;As such
 Mr. Cox&#146;s unvested warrant of 36
986 shares
 Ms. Masterson&#146;s warrant of 959 shares
 Mr. Payne&#146;s warrant of 42
740 shares and Mr. Rice&#146;s unvested warrant of 15
890 shares
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock to Robert O. Rondeau
 a new Director
 in March 2016
 at an exercise price of $.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $10
588 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 168.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.97%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rondeau will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
On September 10
 2016
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $59
125 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 171.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.79%. &nbsp;In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
The Company recorded directors&#146; fees of $109
713 and $166
679 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
On April 23
 2015
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of common stock valued at $30
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On April 15
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
875
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of five years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $133
862 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.36%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.15%. On June 26
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of five years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $151
443 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.93%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.75%. On August 1
 2015
 the Company issued 461
539 shares of common stock valued at $46
154
 to an investor relations consulting firm. On September 10
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of five years to four of its consultants (100
000 warrants per consultant) working in research and development. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of five years and are fully vested. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $36
On May 19
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 14
500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $1
095
063 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.07%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.89%. &nbsp;On September 19
 2016
 the Company issued 3
500
000 shares of common stock
 valued at $175
000
 to an investor relations consulting firm. &nbsp;On November 17
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
On January 14
 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $30
000 from the issuance of 600
On January 23
 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $13
500 from the issuance of 270
On February 17
 2015
 the Company received proceeds of $5
000 from the issuance of 100
On February 27
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $227
500 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 81
900 shares of common stock valued at $8
190 and a warrant to purchase 227
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
On March 27
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $135
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 151
329 shares of common stock valued at $13
050 and a warrant to purchase 135
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $21
On April 17
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $217
800 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
011 shares of common stock valued at $7
841 and a warrant to purchase 217
800 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $13
On May 1
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $237
200 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 121
989 shares of common stock valued at $8
539 and a warrant to purchase 237
200 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $14
On June 26
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 69
231 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $30
On July 7
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $22
On September 2
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 81
818 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $25
On October 8
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
On October 29
 2015
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
On January 27
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $8
On March 1
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $750
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 337
500 shares of common stock valued at $27
000 and a warrant to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $44
On May 16
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 112
500 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $18
On July 26
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $11
On August 25
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 150
000 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $13
On October 20
 2016
 in connection with the issuance of $250
000 in principal of an 11% Convertible Debenture
 the Company issued 128
571 shares of common stock valued at $9
000 and a warrant to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $16
As compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
On April 6
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.085. The warrants were valued at $3
800 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.17%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.31%. On May 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
582 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.464%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.57%. &nbsp;On August 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.11. The warrants were valued at $5
019 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 152.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.72%. &nbsp;On November 13
 2015
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
On March 29
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
771 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 169.28%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.78%. &nbsp;On May 13
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
777 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.23%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.76%. &nbsp;On August 12
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.07. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $3
307 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 170.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.71%. &nbsp;On November 14
 2016
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
December 31
December 31
Outstanding
14
705
9
053
20
350
7
192
(96
(2
983
(1
443
Outstanding
32
071
14
705
Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
1
250
1
250
18
625
18
625
309
309
7
327
7
327
99
99
50
50
2
485
2
485
50
50
100
100
250
250
269
269
707
707
250
250
250
250
50
50
32
071
32
071
901



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On July 15
 2014
 the Company settled a dispute with one of its vendors. &nbsp;The settlement agreement calls for the Company to make 10 payments of $6
250. &nbsp;If the payments are not made timely
 a total liability of $97
463 out of the gross amount recorded on the Company&#146;s books of $191
146 will be due. &nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company met its obligation for timely payments and recognized an additional $34
963 (the difference between the $97
463 remaining liability and the agreed upon payments of $62
500) as Other Income on its Statement of Operations the year ended December 31
 2015.



































The entire disclosure for other income or other expense items (both operating and nonoperating). Sources of nonoperating income or nonoperating expense that may be disclosed
 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3
6
7
9)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011 as amended August 11
 2016. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &nbsp;Mr. Dahl is compensated as follows: &nbsp;he receives an annual base salary of $240
000. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. &nbsp;Further
 as it relates to Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetris
 LLC (&#147;WellMetris&#148;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetris for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetris to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetris at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetris. &nbsp;Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetris. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. &nbsp;In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
The Company does not carry workers&#146; compensation insurance
 which covers on the job injury.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







At December 31
 2016 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $39
732
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
At December 31
 2016 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $15
893
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &nbsp;The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 40% and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $3
693
000 in 2016.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On July 15
 2015
 a shareholder of the Company (&#147;Shareholder&#148;) brought action against HEP Investment alleging certain technical violations of Section 16(b) of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended. &nbsp;On March 3
 2017
 without admitting any liability whatsoever
 HEP Investment settled with the Shareholder by agreeing to reduce the Company&#146;s debt owed to HEP Investment by $280
000. Related to this debt reduction
 the Company will pay to the Shareholder&#146;s legal counsel $60
000 and 250
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock valued at $22
500. &nbsp;The Company considered the settlement to be a Type 1 subsequent event and recorded legal fees of $82
500 on the Statement of Operations and recorded the settlement amount of $280
000 as a reduction of convertible debt owed to HEP Investments and an increase to Additional Paid-In Capital.



































The entire disclosure for legal proceedings
 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







CONVERTIBLE DEBT: HEP Investments
On March 1
 2017
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of March 1
 2017: (i) Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. &nbsp;The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on January 7
 2016. &nbsp;The Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. &nbsp;The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 is $12
982
203. &nbsp;This amount includes unpaid principal of $9
427
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
955
003 and restructuring and legal fees of $600
The Company
 as consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to provide for the conversion of the $12
982
203 Convertible Promissory Note into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at $.10 per share
The related indebtedness represented by this note shall be paid to the Lender in monthly installments of interest only beginning on July 1
Based on the above
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $12
982
203 convertible debt
 would be 129
822
030 shares
The Company has agreed to pay the following fees in connection with the Loan transaction (when the final $4
517
797 in funding is achieved): (i) a $361
602 closing fee
 consisting of $216
961 in cash
 and $144
641 paid in shares of common stock
The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#148; &nbsp;As such
11% Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
On March 31
 2017
 HEP Investments LLC (&#147;Lender&#148;) funded an additional of $1
000
000. &nbsp;Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 an 11% convertible note and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
On February 27
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. &nbsp;



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.




The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. &nbsp;&nbsp;




 For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2016
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.




Property and equipment consists of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. 




The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. &nbsp;These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. &nbsp;Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $26
813 and $-0- for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




For revenue from product sales
 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 104&#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 101&#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments will be provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded.




Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.




Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company's research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $789
000 and $1
033
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. 



Income Taxes
 Policy
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2016 and 2015 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#147;change in ownership&#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.




We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &nbsp;At the date of grant
During 2016 and 2015
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
201
758 and $464
577 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.




Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. &nbsp;Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2016
 consisted of 111
086
456 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 32
071
901 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2015
 consisted of 73
883
330 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 14
705
818 common shares from outstanding warrants. &nbsp;&nbsp;For 2016 and 2015
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.









Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. &nbsp;The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the year.









In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. &nbsp;ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15) &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements &#150; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).&#148; &nbsp;The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. &nbsp;Early application is permitted. &nbsp;This Update had no effect on the Company&#146;s financial position and results of operations for the year ended December 31
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Year Ended December 31




































Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Property and equipment at December 31
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(81
(56
18
43
750



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $574
443 and $1
843
931
 respectively
8
572
5
583
11% Convertible note payable &#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
1
250
10
062
5
823
6
886
1
224
3
176
4
598
759



































Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December 31
December 31
Outstanding
14
705
9
053
20
350
7
192
(96
(2
983
(1
443
Outstanding
32
071
14
705
818




Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
1
250
1
250
18
625
18
625
309
309
7
327
7
327
99
99
50
50
2
485
2
485
50
50
100
100
250
250
269
269
707
707
250
250
250
250
50
50
32
071
32
071
901
































































Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











059
627


789
131





662
057







621
235







250
000





































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











000


033
000





201
758


577












086
456


883
330





071
901


705
818












000




























































































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.

























































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









































































































The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











000


000





000


000





000


000





250)


250)



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

750


750



































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











000


000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Company owed HEP Investments
 a related party
 cumulative balances

234


234












000


820

































































Company owed HEP Investments
 a related party
 cumulative balances





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Loan Payable
 Related Parties (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Loan Payable
 Related Parties Details






Amount advanced by Chris Maggiore
 a significant shareholder



405





000









405












396


835







000



HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company

890
872


246
202





000
000


067
500












574


702




































Amount advanced by Chris Maggiore
 a significant shareholder



















































































































HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Convertible Debt - HEP Investments
 LLC (Details)







HEP Investments
 LLC Details






500
000





500
000





677
200




































Advances of Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











693


916
501





000
000


067
500







773
078







423





376
181


866
842



Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt at $.12 per share

000




























































































































Related Party
 the Lender reduced the principal of the debt at $.12 per share



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





HEP Investments
 LLC - Restricted Common Shares (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











152
200







320
000







285
000







000







000














740
000







369
700





Remaining Tranches 17 to 30
 totaling

067
500







502
367


572
065





000






















































































































































































































































































































































Remaining Tranches 17 to 30
 totaling


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Aug. 24
 2016













000
000







000



















250
000












New Lenders advanced Paulson Notes
 interest rate






























































































































New Lenders advanced Paulson Notes
 interest rate





























 'defref_fil_ConvertibleDebtConsistsOfTheFollowing1Abstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_N1ConvertibleNotesPayableDueApril2016'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_N11ConvertibleNotePayableHepInvestmentsLlc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_N11ConvertibleNotePayableNewLenders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LessCurrentPortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LongTermPortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_N11ConvertibleNotesPayableUnamortizedDiscountHepInvestmentsLlc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleDebtParentheticalsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_UnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_BoardOfDirectorsFeesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_GrantedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsTermInYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsVestedOnTheGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RemainingWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RemainingWarrantsShallVestQuarterly'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsWereValuedUsingTheBlackScholesPricingModel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_InAdditionMrRiceEntitledToReceiveForEachAnnualTermServed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_InAdditionMrCoxIsEntitledToReceive10000ForEachAnnualTermServed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MrRiceSUnvestedWarrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MrCoxSUnvestedWarrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_InAdditionMrRondeauEntitledToReceiveForEachAnnualTermServed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_InAdditionEachDirectorIsEntitledToReceiveEachAnnualTermServed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MsMastersonSUnvestedWarrant1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MrPayneSUnvestedWarrant1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DirectorsFeesDuringThePeriodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DirectorsFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_StockBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedSharesOfCommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TermInYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsWereValuedAtUsingTheBlackScholesPricingModel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_StockIssuancesInTheYear2015DetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReceivedProceedsFromTheIssuanceOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceInPrincipalOfAn11ConvertibleDebenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedSharesOfCommonStock1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedSharesOfCommonStockValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsWereValuedAtUsingTheBlackScholesPricingModel1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_StockIssuancesInTheYear2016DetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceInPrincipalOfAn11ConvertibleDebenture1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedSharesOfCommonStock2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedSharesOfCommonStockValue2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePrice2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsWereValuedAtUsingTheBlackScholesPricingModel2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExecutiveCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompensationForServingAsChiefFinancialOfficerIssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePrice3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsWereValuedAtUsingTheBlackScholesPricingModel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NumberOfWarrantsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NumberOfWarrantsOutstanding1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NumberOfWarrantsIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NumberOfWarrantsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NumberOfWarrantsCancelled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NumberOfWarrantsExpired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePriceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingBeginningOfYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePriceIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePriceExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePriceCancelled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePriceExpired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingEndOfPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingWarrantsNumberAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange005'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange008'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange009'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange010'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange012'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange014'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange015'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange017'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange019'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange020'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange022'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange025'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange030'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange033'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange038'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalWarrantsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingWarrantsAverageWeightedRemainingContractualLifeInYearsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange005InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange008InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange009InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange010InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange012InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange014InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange015InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange017InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange019InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange020InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange022InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange025InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange030InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange033InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange038InYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalWarrantsOutstandingAverageWeightedRemainingContractualLifeInYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisableWarrantsNumberAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice005'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice008'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice009'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice010'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice012'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice014'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice015'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice017'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice019'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice020'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice022'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice025'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice030'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice033'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePrice038'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalExercisableWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisableWarrantsWeightedAverageExercisePriceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice005'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice008'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice009'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice010'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice012'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice014'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice015'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice017'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice019'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice020'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice022'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice025'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice030'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice033'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageExercisePrice038'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalExercisableWarrantsWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OtherIncomeExpenseDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SettlementAgreementCallsForTheCompanyToMake10Payments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalLiabilityOutOfTheGrossAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmountRecordedOnTheCompanySBooks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecognizedAsOtherIncomeForThePeriodEndingSeptember302014'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_EmploymentAgreementDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AnnualBaseSalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PercentOfCompanySRevenueThatMrDahlEntitledToReceiveAsMonthyBonusCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExercisePricePerShareWarrantsEntitled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantForSharesUponIdentificationOfBioActiveAgents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantForSharesToBeIssuedUponUponEnteringIntoABusinessContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReceivesInCashPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantForSharesUponTheCompanyEnteringIntoACoDevelopmentAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PartnerProvidesAtleastInCashOrInKindOutlays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantForSharesUponTheCompanyEnteringIntoACoDevelopmentAgreement1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantForSharesUponUponTheCompanyEnteringIntoAPharmaceuticalDevelopmentAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IncomeTaxDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FederalAndStateStatutoryRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_EffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IncreaseInTheValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SettlementOfLitigationRelatedPartyDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DebtOwedToHepInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PayToTheShareholderSLegalCounsel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfTheCompanySCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfTheCompanySCommonStockValued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecordedLegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecordedTheSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SubsequentEventsDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_EighthAmendmentToLoanAgreementUnderWhichTheLenderHasAgreedToAdvanceUpToATotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalOutstandingDebtAsOfMarch12017'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_UnpaidPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_InterestOutstandingAsOfFebruary282017'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RestructuringAndLegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertiblePromissoryNoteIntoTheCompanySRestrictedCommonStockAt10PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalSharesOfCommonStockIfTheLenderConvertedTheCompleteConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_HepInvestmentsLlcLenderFundedAnAdditionalLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyIssuedToTheLenderForAggregateConsiderationOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonStockAtAtAnExercisePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonStockAsFinancingCostRelatedToTheIssuanceOfThe11ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleNotesAccrueInterestAtTheRatePerAnnum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyRecordedADeferredDebtDiscountRelatedToThe1000000NoteInTheAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OnFebruary272017TheCompanyIssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePriceOf10'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_N11ConvertibleDebtHepInvestmentsLlcAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdditionalAmountFundedByHepInvestmentsLlc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Issued100000011ConvertibleNoteAndWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Issued11ConvertibleNoteAndWarrantsToPurchaseSharesAtExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TermInYears1'





























On February 27
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10




























The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.





















































































Total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017




























Total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete convertible debt






























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( $AH?TH?(\\#P    !


T    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O

MQ
!J9S]6:\?1TDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@


M%;7E0-
@ %AP=M;

MG9 %#@ WQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM



^8
CLS9%USM:1#A&2



MR
=4KY

6D$N!LT$DN/R+RO JQ GH9%LE



M

M!A87
N10[I*0!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E


6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


M2P



MMV6


M'D%&#P@D+8]!!(8$T.KD7V(2(]!ZQ#1$9O(04]#&U]'1$G\'T#*1GEIZ-
MZ+FW12&B@ 5FH, LH,\]@1!1P@(Y*) '=.R?,@9..8EAOG?.:P2PA)S

''4)2I0AWS_K'C*SD-9M5((3DL

M-_'O

J5?JOMBWKD7#&]GN1![^M95V7#H&9'9;J%





M\
MNF8O1D:_]=AB+J
+EU6]\78\E!1]_SX7FMSK'P/O[M]*_3LF'9)ZJWF_:

MF4L)5IKJQ_5Z/$W7RUS^6Q@?@'
 W@) ?1@@YP 9!1179U.J7ZJA6BVZ]I)U

[OIS:;OHO9-N'MZ\K8OB=2QGEJRO$KR3X'O%ABKD?Y(B
MU'\S@:P)G.+E?;SDXR4;+Z=X=1^OHB2N$C-)3I-$U
Z$V596T*WDSBC6C


T8UHRA

M1DIB1$7-M2Y)#59:+.-)S





+ZLGYIN(MU _S*-9M

M

$KRH@O2+LC^'YRW*.Z;
RY2MF3*'



.&#TK
\WT7(RGYQ@HWD\7 YAOI_(W4$L#
M!!0    ( $AH?TK_3


MC:$IZQGV)F!SQO.-'0[V^FJZG_U):QO];NJVW\0G:\_W2=+O3KHI^SMSUJU[






MSN-I



ME6]2+7@3A2^%6A@!]9X'RF!=P-X8H W?;43B*F?9 @ON4I0#%D5%@YGCO),
M4A5Z)JI44JITP38H[GT4FI\*S6_2O,K%I*(\9(*ZI07'39 *






?CU*R^^X]Y




0XA76D
MF3#$V)K%D'/*2*
B[)Q2V#FC$ZN+
M.QHYCUGG


5U*0\8YBR'GE%D0**40-GZ-&)E.6-

MIED




MTPU:8V=\? *:GT@0'IBKXT41-\?I$\6KE'F5QJ[X: 0T&Y$X##2)1&Q.F !Q
M!Y@

@R
MRVD!8R2F)RR8F(7B
MI0$:9P!MI(HD?MY
HK@9E)-AV&TPD'TR2BY49(P
\29!QJ'NZ@)$A+=A@HLM

4);FV^.1\4]K7MWAKWOCYM9Y\.
MVNHP;-4'Y_\7K/X#4$L#!!0    ( $AH?TJX\4JX


V$(5?Q?!]5IP9B2(#QT#LHFB!







M
S_6!'9R;B?3@(S@LI/1&1LC.C%&.3!68


3P1
(9L+;

I9 )


M*@A


M$(C(29=:13;\NA!TD/EYBSB2@8@$D$(G+

#0T)LNC+GF02DK#FI'#-
M27PQF2GM7V2!(4$W]SUW)(.5@/.
32%C$02EHD4+A.)K__N_!3R=Q(Y/-8





M!R=+W*UL]'4&;

M *[/K^Q?8NU8RUDXN#7JEZQ\F]-K2BJHQ:#\@QF_PES/!TKFXK_!!12&!R68
MHS3*Q964@_-&SRPH18OG:9==W






M9[:=MN2 J4WY[\7:*]6[=T78(9Y;]X,0SZB?70=@=/6AE7T
[[_LB8JSK0

&T+7.]!5$GD%:
[W9OF1;2T#)/OK




N*2-P?7YF_Y!J

\ O@!N4QXV)4K*WPLORMSB2.S4^U[$)]X?




$JN^

H.Q9T
M3U\=3[+M0G2P



MBY=IER;MXW23'6;8-H#/ +X [E






M5AI/+C;@RZ;^-]8&0F[&QRA#C_88BAH0CR^P;.;QFPR@NWG'\26;US^!%!+
M P04     !(:']*


M970Q
YX;6Q]4]MNW 0_17$!X1=UDU6*]M2-E642JVT2M7FF;7'%P48!_ Z

MSINF9K8S(

M;=VXX&!YVHD:OH/[T9V
M]C
4K8*M&U1$P-51F^WAV
2XF/ SQ8&NSB34
D9
M\3D87\J

MZ9J
[BDIH1*]=(\X/

M   ( $AH?TH_9T

M+GAM;'U388^4
!#]*TU_P!6ZG)X;(+D]8S319'-&_=R% 9IK*;9E.?^]T\(A


MGBZP?0!? 'P%W





R3-LBW;





G!XZ]*8
_J;P'P3[38)])-C_M\2M
MF/2/)&S54PVVB=/D2&F&+D[RRKL,[!V/;_(K?)KV+\(VLG/D;#R^;.Q_;8P'
ME+*[PA%J\8,MAH+:A^,'/-MIS;#FW[^06SYQL5/4$L#!!0    ( $AH?TIP




MG&+H
F:.()Y]3D'74ASI/WZ#M^M*MQ%^.X_O\@R%8)LDB0?5CB6LS^KR1D
MT5



_15!

;S:W3 MI


MI9(:C)?6$ =U3A^VQ]


M


4S^EQE-@B!04/C ('[P!TH%8A0


MA^
G/-MQS$;#FV[Z06S^QOE?4$L#!!0    ( $AH?TH
RR24M0$  - #   9




V ?\[ Q451^+[S(4VL&




M1L.;;OI!;/[&^5]02P




M:&5E='

M]D+WH/Q-HXUDSINF);8WP.H(DH+0)+DDDG&%RSSZCJ;

O-R
M *'' J?XU7'/V\X%!RGSGK7P$]RO_FB\11:6FDM0EFN%##0%ODGWARS$QX '







M6. 

MS

%





MWF&IAOP:B($3?#9&'0VB
-P$'6Y[ORK-W)%7);M)VO;DR#UQZSK

?OT?: <FU@$+]:
M

DSH50S*3_^S*3^HJD-'_OO[)_-



R@$
M*.S0@R!'[)$C4]&*8G6


MCJNWWM:!0*YS -\$:)WF4;@Z!Q#(/@?!PYO7$7XUK[WP:G;K3:GQ
+M4%/O(
MO)G_X5


M4K5Y9NWQ10'&!;Q._KZ '==)K;X 



0

@#7YS?V

MY6 =JIG%2U'B9=H['?=QNDGW



M:&5E='

RYX;6QU4]MNU# 0_17+'U!GO8$NJR12MPB!!-*JB/+L

MO=$#*'_3:B.9\Z;IB!T
L:I TR]X3R;C51%]9U
MA8TKJD?K
MM)Q9O!3)GM/.5=RG=)/G



M971S+W-H965T

M8QN%BPMXG?Y]N3B.VSHOP QSSIP9AF+2YMGV  Z]2*%LB7OGAB
AMNY!
GNC
M!U#^IM5&
N=-TQ$[&&!-!$E!:);=$LFXPE41?6=3%7IT@BLX&V1'*9GY?0*A


M?P!02P





MI5:*KFK[VR&;@

M4OT.(5G5T%+YP'OH]
Z%BY8JO117)'L!]&R36H9P%*6HI4T7EKF-'469\YMB

!' X.<S0/CY,3YBUE\/A=A9 H!I4R#%0/=S@ 8X9(E_%K
MY PG29



E
*([2%$=)



!#]



W!6PTP0V



MJ4K-P/G0T+/4VT3M^3@(QH-D_33D@GG2YO\ 4$L#!!0    ( $AH?TH2[1M;

!#]






MV.;B6\!92@-6XN+!7I_:_A0F@\/9N.G:SM70&@?#R&[L^F3Z]93_ 5!+ P04





M-2=1Y^[&=4Y0X0L13W3X F

Q7^#*Q I5R0R1TD)UU^GO'!!V]%%HK3X


-H$JWIC
:3OT4I]U0W
)$5)K+ +'9L9S3Q+
W&
M G-/=0

#@669S\
M]]RD5IQTA1.FYIT=2#\3;J6:NB
%VQH-FU5

M0#IZ#[*R6K[


)EC=3U1+K/[6'6+NC/SN]9M]I&


M!JUQTW=VKD+KAX618WS59/ZU5'\!4$L#!!0    ( $AH?TJQ4Y#%WP$  
H$

Q+GAM;'U4VXZ;

N



P*

OTBAL\PY4E1
(7_

M'$=
M

M\


R+GAM;(66;6_;(!#'OXKE#U #?JZ22(VG
M:9

M




R:-)9'/W;
M(I?&5R$8) -!

M)^%UX25


H!L% =\H:QB \NH:!A8+ ;\2*
SR].9
@87P 1
W<SW#Q^4G&H.QELN-)GICW9]IPKIC'1
MG=Y51WW9F3H-VRO3S'5;#?^T%&\'V\ST72E6OT'4$L#!!0    ( $AH?THF

S+GAM;(U4VXZ;
M

:

YJ&-D)?H#Y

^LI&KI.CE*_.^=J4.'(% 8?:

MFC'[@*$WF&S!$

F-1C!H^)LR1R
MW[K2=E5I^ZB41W=* 9/\MU*RJI2L*
5W2LE#3WF:9?1!B%QMM[M-WYDZ]8-&
H?4$L#!!0





M\@@EX8
M2YP\B8


M
] MREK?JHM@Z-L?-L

M#U

D(   9


M)9'63-
F;5*U:=MKFI#$JFT\($GW[0?8S5(X]XT-^'_WNP-SL+PH_6R.4MKL



M7G'ULFLZV9M&]9F6^U7^ =]O
/


YS:]

J7^393N[%

MA
FS8(X.( B$4@GH!X.9]0!7(J@






&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#
V
M+GAM;(V5VXZ;

_CP#H4-FN_9]XK6Y



ML6TZW0[C2G0/


MVL!_
$C



8(2




MJ4(Y


M8+]!ZC5(C0&\
RBL
B9-9C3]5 :


MCBM$&#QN3NXERCU$J464.XDRC+
K0ZQ9=+2D]3#7(WYM)5/$\F&^92*EJ-R\P=0
M2P,$%     @ 2&A_2D<GH=2W 0  UP,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H
M965T




M$S_V+C1(70[L#_ _1SVQE=D5FFY!&6Y5LA 5^&/V79' SXGCF
]F*.0I*#




MKBPZ:.?_5CS33FL'7G/QX.]1[U_97 CH7)BN_=Q
=VTJG![2
R+S6Z[_ E!+

UVZ/M
S:!U;3




MLX$8K#


+_+42+]C-#$B$ Q
M(EL
;%9W!'\K1JB3J'2
)L1ZM;0HG<61D;T
1




!#]%8L/B &S;+


WRS0A/FZ#'Q A/-



M:&5E='





6$0\0O1S(F22*


QS
-






L(MT1U_F#M^X&H:



BYX;6R-F.MNXD@0A5_%\@/$




MRE-9OK8'J_W8)6U&

5OA[?XE^D-W\^IF
MGI):3LOL9[IOCF

U%C/)=9W?UW

M)LQ\9G;8W Y;V&%+.VR%8#QD$%LC& TCB&U

S#H%INT^*.2/&2

M[.E8#[7#YG;8P@Y;VF$K!

MI69VV!S!F& 

M6^3=O.VWX^V2?62%K7S5#;JA;-[)SR492-52'*GEMU1)OOK028/3;L;JOVJ
M_V[3'S3E27^3\JX?QB;_ U!+ P04     !(:']*=*7&74L#  !T#P  &0


RYX;6R-E^URHC 4AF^%X0(*(7S$CCJS
\TK=3VW
M_R1!)X,%02<(K@(4?BG G0#;L).$-H*HDX0V0KB3A!_O7@J03)+8T@F(
M;4B#3CP%2#_4CG?6G(M-K*67

W6:\6P\K-G9J=NU=LSDDD:/
M0B7
Y5

]
(0;WF1G$A'UF






81('


MGCFOG@!@^S

MY
+SK



=^'GL)JYSP$=TR?DKN;U@G2=R
M'1W^.[[B7.!R)*+&GN1
?3O[^.DTYB* 5ZKZ]9J:XW[7^7V06^%OB- (:?
M@(M/H*0BT(^PHB+8@^!

RL8D


+!2/?V%G/%BJ)0W.//E)!'!N;:VF%














M+QH-Y'% %1W!@7LF!IHF#9NF%P5[


JRYA2.
M\9O7ICU4?3QMW_+NU(9J.S8ZU+DLIL?JOUQN5F-UY[:S:IY[^O]
3RUB^[]




7X7

M@ A-$2$X(V:E

@6R&9B=1OA+TO@?<-]?X4=]D
M4Y

MR%*D4Q@

^6; J;7@'3.VIZ

K8'Q'C:]X93!7N&EL?0VL[ZCU-2\


MXV*NB-

M UA14E88SHKY(LY@7!C%5[TR
;4
IH !%@I!::@\GXKD-ASF,3#0P!DCT]


M$D&FA# 7+.IURPB NI0MLFWBH +GCV6@%Q(5'^6HP%R[%@HH%B[0JK
M
MYH+E7# %Y8)%7% )HEK

M

_4$L#

M=#0W+GAM;(U4VXZ;






M)!EGLME-=A
SFYW]7?4H9 IEVRJS=[]M0:)XQKC^H!^\YWW.J;3-6B'?50&@
MO8^*UVKI%UHWBR!0VP(JIB:B@=J\V0M9
6V&\AH1@+;N:*!Y2065QLO;S
MS,VM99Z)H^9E#6OIJ6-5,?EW!5RT2S_TSQ.OY:'0=B+(LX8=X?H7\U:FE$P
MN.S*FI5BMJ3L%_Z3^%B%5(;X!1O);3JHN_94C9O-O!M]W2)S8CX+#5UH*9
MY@3/P+EU

ABEX%OQWN=/%TD]];P=[=N3Z5;1?

M 5'B:NE +O



#^=
?]5W6)]L\?*L7O1X7?AN#RGBL8L^B KN#C)[$WQ@\E#62MO([0Y%-W1
MM1=@S$E$V-7F

()?Y9ZIIF4LQ!G+:^X':7[S9$[
WE9UT6^'63/+*S%[+
MA
&ULC93=CML@



MTR]B_ )S/PD*YN:_P068D=M*#*
23+GOH#HK+?CL8DKA]&T:N]Z-X[23;.8T
M?P*9$\B20#+7RP1RE7^BFI:%%&
@I[
?J/V)-UMBSJ:RB^XHW)XI7IG52YE$
MI




M0R.$!F
9/IFB6_/@+0&#1MMI9N9RNO93H


2YX;6R5
MEFUOFS 0Q[\*X@
4;# /51)I;31MTB9%G;:]=A
G007




MG_CE[,)D3PV7]C9U8KN8Y$
;:\%N8[
MV)Z$Y(WUHD)IZ.MPK5ISO5C_;V:P ;8&^&J TEF#Q!HD[S5(K4'J&$1#*J8V

F
YK6:%!.

MNJQ!5(Q8\1V:X

MN/\QT/^9V_]6].X^P7#_8Z#_


MZW%]]0]02P

M=')I;F=S+GAM;.U]:W/CUI7@Y]E?@?)VCZ4JB;XIIU)E5JB;5J22.IXWB_

E\
M]FJW# O[


.<K<*'^J_WX2JW

M%0@MF&83)E9#N0BQ'=W^M@B+



A-]&BB#]%


M_59H.





OH$X '8_1D4
'



D0M$/[\+Q

UNJ 5H39XI&:GT9PQ=+-




A2\E[P4;;-5KCEQZV<E3R-07!8Q-X[<G.[D





?-B^V_2WN=5$BMT,Y+#,57KA21'?PXB21<6P











MB+Q%O B]

M!@M$?P+^BA;
%Z


XOS</\WCA+0/D3][:^ K
M2+_6$?X'6;@Z0$$ U=$NO_<.0'#[94P#)$U/,%F4'5 T##ZP/$3O
8:&D
M7JR@=8;R+%SK!6DH2_BI?T@PE#H%J& +)%V :9\%JB\CQ.R8&
H/]
W!X- 3




MVX=%V1N#2$K+)J,7E1+I^5+5BS!M7R/D*P+A[#[$'5T)(]E+KDR%[D1)




T+8\I6YP9(*!5
M(87EG[4+B@PKU .7C:8L

M0E@!I%N1J@L_T\D(V(F[P5@&?S _9YJ









M%DV% 0WI$+:B31A
^+<$^UG)FGYIQ0$*&;/P7#2&?;?(MR<9\^!KU)

*ND_F










MQZD'??IPNG4$U!&!&6A[N_C\

[
MAD&+B$MR-=9FB@#I$VSDI]FUB/VFJ^&SUJ.#X4%(9  @T5*
FH(L@JG?ZP_$






F+U^(XE*+O* GDBI +(Z1/0HK7DNEB(1$X;P



MF$(YT=^+._N$
Y
?E

M%??))BP8W= K%

W$)9HG%@!X29O6!GX:Z9T93NOKH[Q
HD6K/O@
MF/0K7@Y#LFU^BR.- 14PD7K^4(8$K2JY5^X8X\J1^00C%9YFH^!E.)NZ30


*A2XG2R7F?L*PG
M?+&L+8*?='E/ H,OB!84'@B8A!AHZZ%'8])*12-E]']**-7 5)FAQ]2LG


5L!&Z2J-#

*O9X!GEDR]I
F\
M&JW%;!$!Q1A8]4K7A[A=OF=&#JI
XGWZ@2UI+UMADM4 E9A*N%
%I5]A
6
:G%(X7$2H.FVQH
4+'.1
M_87 %NA7612<NA8<]P).Z*$2Z%;1F'R3WQ)L!,'2\KJYZSE:#H2E^X7UM-+



MXO

$GR E%-\-ZT/7VNI!^=GT3RCJ7L3GEJM5SJDV2\[Z7C'
M]= 7^8B
C)$R*C/.1%!
CEFJEI7Y!:VPU2#CU81Z:KM.EY47R6S18C+X%++S
MM!KK7.GAB/+% -_!N'L$MT5(G^^-'C*))!*H
LX?6?X3DN(VIY-#/Q &7752


RS8%



M]K)-'ECK8/*C(H2:;9?XO9JOP43Y&A9*81751LJ
$0/8W?$._P$A+'Q[B.%]




H]D^3_HFI)@U(%=[

O+'

M3G=J6E'N'NM/A$+#_H/\CRTX.*


MEJSZB PN/^F-UBN[RJ




MQ6O
Y$LY:;AS*0.S54((F=Q)Z6;6Q7P2.007&(FS-)
MU%1:$4!!9J9-EL)

M2



M=)%!*)0IDE=YLB(*6CYTC@R&OFC\?1%CZU\'14G#YP?%\D:_A-)=*B2@S-
MZ(YPGN)C\
:




Q

MZS

&T*_Q:TIQ140][RC+ZU6QECAL#
LRK
MW9C^I+

MAO)T;R@'K: L-


M?)&UP@QS-7@AC/HROL1ZZ\%YFE;2^4_ IA[/7\Z?E4P[VE7AYL\;'63C9Y
MWP7


.E3O=X+Q/Q6I#@)_V'M5E]]K


VV4^\[OX^8.[AR[I_%LL7'



M%
TN6N-9K6)$NS5TQ(. X

MAVZ=5[3(!WN;Y


MU3ZL[B%.Z.TO#$V/'(TJBV_P?4+? Y5DV ?0#_F+D2P
AW4]!$YT

MMDMU
=!43KOT

K6E_0W0;W?G0*L


MU2_H


9-[J-_0'
*NN


LB@G0E%?-XY1VE&\



M%\GDQ\

MO.GJ$T0*K#0A;S2^Z.:RR.MXA:^R$D8PG23G4

M1Z&H(_6@*_1:Q[O)4LRT3W2*[:]TH42!H%KY'4Q+4J1P4UHLB3+H\OM*RFTR
M1Y4*D7\A9




L_4ZY+LF


3

8PEA6E6<J

M3O(2ZS-$LKSK BO&Y%+A^36=0Y-?R\Q1&+E:V?KNYOCR]OCD[OSJTJJ*W-QR
W).(]^P!.S2X(Q7$T]4I1PTN7+E9IDBEVIZP?UQ[;J$S+G


M_K8/_O4 _\R^WG'A

M:$D)Z(OP

\./
2DM)1TLCR
A<JQ:=R6J7K8#HMCQIK10CV P-140''T5$VO3Y)
M9U8V*BY]5TB#%64/WP8RNR F4EW#
$-

M)+:):B+Y?+A3B)H6A50I7LJ)7%0$B\0 
@)9!\


MOIW=W5W
T







M0^6VU !'CXP1HR-%-0.)%Z2KEF:@%)7%PO)0

MQO3H?C4\



[5E-PN&$Y$@K8/3$C%K?-D<_
M5+=EY!:[062<40[86RN2HYB?O9R\=W;(KR_]XP[]ZY<K5 T $J
1;
&DAT[
MEB-+8 O#\/$[V4=9AH3(56[0QXP'MVNZ8
MTN'SMZU
FP;QI&8$J:VTL319&
M%TYQRG


!2A ;@)?S4/Q1F3 Y686Z#



OWI9W%PC):%[J?5)/$(#<[FP)T)13_PF752K*O;
W\F6]0&
MX944*CA
1BC1*P;0F*(

^MT(6LZ-3NB'35FL)A^
-T ^
8%5BE/FU$%R4#JR?
;('
MGTRKRJD(?.


TSE/1$CBQX/3
I2A]3F$F+\)RE:.V 5[5Q3^;9A^U$Z(5RL


0EC=:




6F16Z&FJXTDRUDW:0T
M=QT='HP



:<F?P%
A(IHJMC(;P8]TD^

0FU](CDIUFB%
M6%1L0UG$.TM2SQ[:$G5V6/A/T@2?\\G9T#?&VB_R[G;NJ&TC&$9OC!?*.*2





()SHJ#OU#HYO/\@_#J7?2:F_1%!EPB413'0BO0HDP<H$
MTGK=J!ZV6 3-0J%7D P/!3S7QN@HSA/A\-+*IL_IDRS\!D.(/]M.2] OEO
MD



M@
DHI4-T


JV2R.Z%



MN?

MU_6F0N6VOF:UN]7 X6?GP*S V_.1$M\XL-+IZRVZ6(O NAA5=;YACU3@P?YR

M]U+?6V_+&.
EIZ.'L1X.N1+'M9C*V:\!#)+84((42ZVV-&IQADAN)3URON!B
M A5A]'3]=[A



MH%K

OMA%=%;I+Y59DGQ7F([1&NW*]D&  G
MZY

MIC_Q\H@269291$Y^1+')G5X



[:E;!FS

MQ^5:%^8P:#:VBBW2

M-EFE]Y*OZW

HS/4-!X:AI';K(

.&)XW+:/*I32(B



8QS=JM1C8MWF1
LMZBM@-0\HFV6JY4#

H:M&CR0QOMQ \'Z?P@)^#P)M+,/SY7W?4+K:5?_

II/9YS1R-.CE6*0E


/MLG

M(;;1&^W% O!8Y
P-B]L $O;Z6Q=';8*MB^
FPST7AU-O'?8LFN]JTH2#EG=1



5:51K3A8.!-F+
M?KS\NK\2P=@3@J



MK_T)]-IOJ]]^ ?U^^Z;;T&7+=?@:..Y\+N




'GI -
7#@ $_H4#]%XZP.E [P4L X7CC

HS?C5U/MGGVA

[98F2WHJI:&&'(@58-YZB3

M^7F.#AA\*2'S^S=8SW-9Z4_=!=DFK9D7J[ZA;ID?D\LS&('Z.?$SAJ560U
MA!
.\T(MC'+N'WV
\3%^6:SY[V6N'.=&VB\#A=125%(7JLUZY(S7?J_/+D
MZOW
NSO^:].MN(R*H^U9KW$S\HEE$7YV64(YE1X0$$=:\GI[.112!DH/1O^6
ME![]QA'L

)%Q3^_H.AG?0%[%)UQ.CZNUV)S/-G5V%9BY;PQHSSVJ_<ZUXQ!E\T


V=VSIR]H-FXT5L&]Q6 1AO.1)/@

FAJ!21O;!)GP30
%P$G5. T%BV_X;I!


^X!Z8:F#;H/2N)!B?Y\L8&H3#FA-6(*O:,K
M16U603AE6P]/+9!))A72YH
ML@BS:

M 

MT1_B];YZBT@EV1






W@)2
19E%OUE0


7
M*DP#[9
.E=X-1F:$E7N@(@2VPO#/9K9QK))%%J9
M=!?.%_C] #'!9G!
;3J9NO?)+4QO HPHQO/!Q-H


TR*
U.X\(+2I8^K8'3^GMPR_#4?-YHRI





T^_;1(*'$M(9YL(
MLCF(F*AKH=AIG(FILU@6
+[3$3R(U(6\%DLU:/Y#
E''F3J8EILU#@NA*R
M80:^B6FS4.#80GA'JUX]!#PVY8-(#ZR/9EQ70J_)NQI%Q=&+P[NH


















$
M%     @ 2&A_2A5(7^K* 0  $1\  !

MS=G+;L(P$ 707T'95L3X 7T(V+3=MDCM#[C)0*2V+(-A;^O$Z!2*RI1 =+=
M$))Q9FZ=3:

M04P
!B.6F290$_JA[9%
QT\TUZLJ]!YWU]O6DT1;6Y69#J5IV+K)?S7M[QNF


M606*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E%DE2BR2A19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+(J
M%%D5BJP*15:%(JMD56AR*I09%4HLBH4616*K$
468=7E+4[IK4NF[^2?!BS
M/
QGW3_ATR]02P$% ,4     !(:']*'R// \     3 @  P
M    @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     !(:']*9O,+8((   Q

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0



4





M Q0    ( $AH?TKT4C=&F00  #L8   8                ?45  !X;]W

$  !

M4$L! A0#%     @ 2&A_2F7_8/BR 0  T@
  !@              ( !+1\



M.YX;6Q02P$% 

O

YX;6Q02P$% 







M% 


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,R+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( $AH?THFS/EOP0$  #($   9                055  !X


U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $AH


&PO=V]R

X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $AH?THD3CLU+@
  'P.


M4$L! A0#%     @ 2&A_2M@^[MO@ 0  : 0  !D              ( !6F8


YX;6Q02P$% 



M='

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !(:']*(F)]/X
  !A0  &0
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0T+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( $AH?TI!&(GLF0(  )P)   9                1AV  !X;]W



M;6Q02P$% ,4     !(:']*A8AN(/L!  !@!0  &0              @ &-



M     ( !%X







Z.%3@ 0  +A\  !H              ( !

#$V
3(S
2YX


M*0BEN



MM[K)\T3.O
 __3Z342I/\B214?;44;?:';?J8FF3S^QS85YNN]/N/Z'/XS25








MV@3!ZN&WES #R$T51O-[S:O_U'F/W\;T='\NK[T=%_7&4_X]\SD69WH?SK

M7.2C-/ #+T']]?;OT@NS:W$:76

M63 &S*C&'/&;#
-?9)8$\




M
4OB&1 E\Y([X857GA3C/


M)HMBYO %-8/C%Z/A51G(FRMY(F^!I

5 *





M)W\2;Y16.5J(H)ONB$INT^GU6D J128/1E(9%85NZ/V\\%H;*.LZ8*
)D#\+

C9H 1IR*H2A*C&=YA-%Q R$;.0#6218

EB7:%H&132L,0)]WZA4T2/3PT^ J(FL& UM!F--[U11J
M;%@P/DC'[T%*2VA*!@LY3WA@-#HM81(XS#P%:<H

MGISFX_)/1-CBNZ$1IJ

MU/?]!)TIY*5J(0!,(6/)!_=D10@RE:21O.*#$A!0K%P+13?'E.IL&G%)T7
M@
D($$&D)^:


M*8Y/3K[^^N7R[


M7=QQ876 R$A1-Q=613DOTL8C*2
!KOH4!1$

M5^:=LJ^4#0$ I*%






-^3^0FAA 6'#BE4

M/

-N 6
M-((]3PL% 8SI ::RHQ!^$U
)
A^&L8^_5K(;!^E_0/ 7@W!:O*TM]6RLTQ




MXAOP


/T&M]''A=8@=T1[-J1!
M4A@P;?:CZDMPBP[TWUAI#?BI_4ZI4;W##V[J&


&

'1;)QZ

UR_ZX
EA5I#\:3$XGR!;SBY*H0-(6H*$-L


P*HZ,))17$
M.G*PG**U[VN@61*)K0P;$O1@G<,D G06YM@(,RKG<$S %15P+X)H+N'JFO)0
MKH&!XH1T+;Y7:+\ (RH

MRQPGM5




M
&N00-VH9;%Z*M7-+XGP8OQHQ?IB$KX#0W7ZW8%RR3J]CM/M]Y]^OL'JXPV+
MV*Q6QC/EB98;-5Z;Q^51'9='-5S6Y8]RGO#'6XE[FBAD
 'X2IK)(N\W3RT_


PG7DX!?UP4_U#O\S0HEGX982@




R\-Q9

M$^NPS]:%99C?FC5S4*COL@YX/7XX+;:A;N+0RVB/T5YE8!G9M\ .;G?0Z+9_

M

O3VGF'6K%4G1Q:)2G2?/'\
M'Y[32?!0T3@UJ\:%U:&/S*R4M4@^RC36W:O3 F7Y
F-R:MYF/2L\MEY4KL4C
M'E5!
F.UBCQ*)
B*8]]8G5Z7S*R.1VG*XP$#/(41R;%
4W661!^;IG17/) 2
MPCCAE; \PU06*:N!QLRU+N9N6U(J-K#TF.#;SW&:OA/G
A$7L.;*%+'[J
$'
MJG] 9SYF
.STFFI9J;3R/%
E?BB@6O#($MB7A==U[:N%E-DHI^P9JF.'EQBI







MV\U-SL?M./UFUQFX@\?/9UGU/ZPC


MKH8TK2_8.@MD6#RCL6

CCHZ6$FU93
2
-0<BK?'%[\6?[PS2[GAS +%3$8U

 O9.K./93

1-2BB1D[!0/*1#?&USX(M%M0ZI!G2GHQ:IKLM!7X:*



CTUGY!O.

KK%=HB  \
MCO\(/B9ZN5V#A]WN.X-%S-OWZ)C_DC*
9AF!VN5QXNU%/LJ(GUK-[E&G^:YA


P*^_:
M





M&/BLO@6\P6?U60]826\^JV_CJO!9_=UG SZKSW+?7GKS67V[UX?/ZN\!1_!9
M?58$MM-[K\_J_^6G)^;P8=I?D2AXGF!N:'9W'F*J8.2?_B
/Z+K:E\SX*P9!
M::NR&


73
MEN0YYB_F+^8O:]+TV(I@*V(/*;WOOH1-M&94
ZIWA-:L
5]D%3[E211062%:



R4;&#I9?=Q:^:;'UV)Z5.6FCT$Z#N,T3^1+UG#

O'\7I__WU[/R7TR^71 $;+\3F:E0^
W?3=<-/YQ/WK4OJ -\1VMUH.5Z-B_F+^XFI4S'LLY:R@




6D:M';1E






M FS8EZ/
'


M6LV78;HG

QGN\]?C+\!FOQ]_^'SJU/CN[/3B

*H8;KM84\+@J$S:&]5^6[@


\5)C:(Q;=_E7M+:SJ


M
Y$PTS0K+=PT'_T!A

M^X9AQM2 

G]*:GM\[457<BYF5*.:C (

GF1=Z6Y



B]L *6**%9XIV9#*$;]= ]



(OBU





F@ _O:5=)UR0-VVGK\CS#E?K*]CA%'7I4

MFD//G 


&R3

;B19?RG]=%G






MAT-1XAP[JRPO-$3$6] 5VOS#YPK[K_A-0;
&J8)!-9H14&YS*TF
P&T4


^U5
*7L=1VOR*




M?7W*LKI[(6]TB3M:UKTVSNFOJCDW5XD[DG0V*(]TT0
L$5&6.IB(-]U^Q^ET
MVL7YSD&G[0SQ!)9YOE
YP5Z&1WGQ'

MJH_1_G




MYH

+DSZS%7@

M?9YA  V
\

MAP:1F
2)2&5R@_EH7BH\
57):+HFZ:B8BU_



 %
!*RP#6Y(VK\(*0

MW6ZCTWX:A[@@H^[G$%I.9I!G

M!119









1H=SDH?@[BI]]/CM@I[3!8=L:_AK-;I/#_8T
M$8&OK)%^\6#X0]/Z?900ZC@/Z*FG2*'N
A%4R)]4/;U

M=1O-IK]IR)@4#=UZY+@OD5I/T!^IS9YI;B?(I-J8_H]IT:4O^I.%E;.(%+

F=9G*=)^;
N&_M=R?QPETA+%J5U
M'V.:8RE]Y4ZUM7^()6CPZ4#/G_LW8M8$TN63'RY


@PD \


MAM3?/9#;3);

MO5;+&?:WKTG[I:#M.OND+0SZOV^NS @QVX@]V#7==IM;:G9+NMIWNP_=8.


MNX=@6D_]!S#7?U'
=3I.N[\]8Z[7?VK$!$W2VJ58G2]UQ%SNZM2^YWMA87[
MS:?+.4KRWA7(4:D]4J8VU'5ZKI.M[75=*MMF''V8$XGI;:ZKX.Z^[%B+^KP
M&LKA-E'W].



MY;U5





!]9]QQU2
M[6[&ML789F]G39$]9&_G-;V=8O^.'1Z;I0MKSK6DV/:8DRSG[
FK(\8UA;#


M[0S=/FM0FU%^R 44MJM

MB':Q. B+F=U2IDQ9QNP.NCA







M8K-KR=&4G3=4.
:R8XS 






1@GM@6
M3W NS=8ES0K\LD?[
H3F_2F&])X1^B#R9VRQ!SGD\E*PYBR9%Y/4'$AA^V/O
M*







[#91%EG]YW32FP'-L=*UA/7


M(E8!FV

M%-XXNCED8CN^MQ
R.11\-QM-ET

MH6!\I1#G2(K-N#^42

W:
LQRK8.-@]




M+1L1XSC:7Z3D[_^^+O;^_%O.*I_.SJ25]^/CHI1/B2@%:6R =*OS]J-KHF

H56
MI2]&

MC5R1_TRH.K^^QP

^I*3((HG#/C=



)+P:P4=

M2]W

M
F9WRPO93\JR:_$:Y=5DY&-AM9E
@ICW7VR6)=N

M]OR'NSKW7O/Y5AXO_ [.O?]\B=?M[^KD6\]'O;NSJ.\^'_7MG84]&*+/9GF;
MH_
L[N]9^T

M0_\%X;[?T5K+B+WOT6'+R


N^DINM% ZR


P3V^()SJ79NJ19@5_V:%^&

T(?1/Z

MC-6RGN

:PYH/*:

F&!3='3&S&.T=
UL?[D+U*BX'-5LH:J&XW


M4IMC)3;CG6

EZT9+A)MQ*CI9P
MM



E
M'FQ=:;

P-&B+L.W*LQYPKY3:

@<VQ$HN [8)-QK$2BV'-L9+7M$(X5L*&B%7 WJ APKXCQTKL O=*J<VQ

EZL9(N7X1C
ZPY5O*:5@C'

M'F[C2'?@V,SK#E6\II6
=*V!QMA\!L=^9'.L9--2FV






ML!]



)C2G]$&J-#;*'7_Y:2T980H76*!I
MD!$-X


C-/ HER$D9$*N#80. E\
(ABI
MXN=RU9#YT^ [/.%[=VE%
A320$Q2P*4:3&]);_/ B45HF

M%- 6.!G9E\CEH4X)P_@V?6\\#:V J)0!31\$913E(1'7@K*R0N]1F&5H?R
MMFMJII*JCC#[A.$$I U18P&C7X-H'L51;HP&IR/_@1W!
ZT?BNDL05$B07/F

M'
[#

+(%R':17H
J=I3&H-7+
M N







C'Q 7QK
YB4-S]W#V(!-@C./**M
O& :2C\8
M!VALP!FT/74&TN0@F#86\V_7RI.+M+5)1FVM)%J'L2.(;6$5SPBU$1(CK



M)-'+(N5*QF(
+F96.+5:!D0Q2Q@S!B@3HM2Z,TY:P6?C6?@JJ5/_4B4/4H

M_




I4

M.

6#E9F*29XA/
M:(X&$=!2.R+ +0;<#<W$C9<$,3A/D5Y)DD\+6:2Q/G5-?S1[C7$B4PP9BO2

L+8








O

M7Z2V5:#.7!_:V@0?JK]ERP2]JWA^

MZ8DO052
4F\L?@-RD?:YD!$F
Y'JE10\*&7A.;A809JBT8IAAWG9_XBYD]8N


LRM44FT_^5%.:90](LDM3H--D)8REG)%&7TPE?)XTHC+0$@

DV:)KTVF)_!$SH$&^6-VW*&H);!UZXW%)2)





PZI87.=4U

NM/RC=IGD1)%SA^1=A=T^C9F1R;19

M:I*2\$RKP3*VF


MXQ2/5BP)%I:[*3 \VH+!)/]:DUM?!N

I(MC*_*EY=AC+F XP/12Y(PBZ<EZ0P09%M7S_!*<OHLO&\%M-UT* FD//&









\T?N7]'7L$KH
M[NJ!I/-$GWHJ4*OUF/0=NAUI'&04I4W0I)HE\42FJ;*O//^&CIOA\4@Z;6XN




MH3R

5!1W'::804B96ZMQZ
M#)T!

M=)R\-CC\6&V03'&#4:K*




MIO2[$WGE)7YA\*A11EYF'%.L3:4T;S2NTX(05:V4^:G0^CHZ9A( [.;;H*4
M_)WB9*1.AJPQ:C4'K.\126QC%LK43X I/J30#'=/3]W&3H' ^B@(U^FC1
MA.HFJ8EY4UFHC=I..;(J$;'(:-^6C'Y0\M92R*^#V4Q5LOT[3!;7!*T
&V1U
M

MM*J[M[QM(UPSAL6G$V%IEOMW92RX2'LQGL1
+*=(MW.TB%:LHP@%X,L)MF
MP.?CQ8XM9&!OQ7'O ICJ-0GHSM*\)Q)(E]9]ZPHM$75H4^+D.]Z^60B*'F



)T+(%HF 0/KFKT; 0Y47+VN]0
MQC*LC3[NJB2[3E6


C4Q
MSB)M-A1QBI/8EXK]%GO4M4CR

8Y/=2^6KR\EAL-0G7YWH%S/3J_C=/M]


MR*O/Y4/*+!S+



M


K\<UEGN
MOZS<QZUT%OFOQP:Z7!/+?9;[%M)[X!OH^5_'^I9 [P(/WP+TC_%!&M^8+XR

J__.#F)3/NZNEU
+9*/
M,HUU]\:UIY2J6TU.S=LL2X?%3!%

MBT
THPW16/P80P3G@E+$].E;4&:Z Q<ZV+

M Y78H&


W 'CY_/

M(%]-47SL$_51J5ASYLP8T\Y4*C''7)6+4+49Z


+PK2_TN








/3]=[4&(JT@$.7-'.CNG*#;3;XC5SO8DA;-1;-K
MN@YBYBE624:^LL-LRXD.O@U*Z;!B@:1N%8#3N5Q-=E4BR@Z-)-JR.Q8AKU
M9A(IUTZ5]D(M#W7D0




M






CF)BZ:


MJJU60WB/RBT



MKL2]M?&ZROA!+7#?35P7C.9UF3*

? !-

M9_!6PI)R6W@ VGP411.
_0^M


U[2A-SE^HG\97WT?'R?A.G[
0QAA8#
MGE,;PZW'[RI,7!_OJC?Q;K,B6L*;&-G,



]\4V8X&=H^[7+PJ44'


MZ$?7M]5[;KYPU9!F9H_MAK0_+OD6_9$8@



M\7(5U.Q


?DENLKNO2T6[@(=/0:#8!^K45/DT-S8(
M+7L GQCOXRAY4!N






MQ?E4+6( ;
\O


LP'-A5*?7%#&-01.[0A^$8

M(43+/AR

M%OBYIE
\!C\TO(U=+/


!)OGKZ4M;


FWC1L!WJ5M@M5TJIL1:6[+=^P+&L8KPO6
MTRJZ.X]6\0-ZUU






L

'4


HJ-QVZ::6D=FS2


RCAE)=5GSN5!E)

M#F[8(GM)@Q--D6=K6EF#K VK19+2&Y[C6C704*ZX[

M=T:2?.#@KQTH\H'1I
[%!'.5[@2H2
MGV69TI@^H*UL6K:4/2[HZV'896.GX=AG

9G%O^EHL'CI J4<F'7Q@7-%:W1

M[ 0]XF45!O5W;^3]

M699G.$ ;FI

M?=8%G0;W'2B$\C,][!]]W1RMJQOPN#S^%&_9XX4S73AW[/0JAQTXE.M#AM

M*GZA:)F6:TX$D+VEUR1
?:3XA<^F0: 7^_*H.F%XA3'HZZCB(8CT(+OB-3&2R0=
M'1D&S*_.6](.X*(!C*C.35X+<02ZV#+FYOR:Q2YY[^S]UBR1+UQS(1Q.D
M;A

<M:/;DW+;3'L_=
X1O

M##


MRBV;?989P$:%9[Q5M';7&L!Q4KBFT3Q(6J8[HB#UM'AM4:EAUVKMLC8W7E=0

S=9
C@5TX&UUH'I/
DWO-#O?]SMGQ0EF

T&KJ'T

;B#

M5=_ ZSIT$[3_FIO!
TO\K19@UVU_R%



5]4O


#UW\7T\@*!X%#\E=W&8FC3\W
/0Q5?]_GZR?L3W

TS[+UB$'AR



54(L@C+44BPGQ2N(QQPT7D'L
M!I@F'/%^85J\@D /L&QS1
[&M'@%42'3


MH4$4/%H[

M(E



V)4+S!
M')(
Q9O0(2$4;U0'A+!E
]LCPD9D4';STQ^;W




M6\XKFPK8W .W06LYU+_SP+$1%B:7_0\
?/89'^-']%1VJR_D0K%F'L91G62
M7N@PZHOLQ0YC?[.ALGG*K@F:W5DPRMQG!1N3=H4KNV-R&V8N!9J\^[== ^Y
:?H+MKC
M^0MOHW7L(M'U$/X<[\[0G=A1#K07]R2^FO#1U\/CV5QA7;28YEWA1B=H<P_





5E^'
41%
MX3 5E?$%:C#

X=L;?T.1M?71V\T*DQS
MP


/P0KMMG@U;_:H2:
P
]<E:
FZ[B?- SA!MRA)L \6?%VF*=JF'UG
ML@M8 ]OSS0IK$=%\GL[0&N/:+*/U]3;8(O(_NVV</%_A'^2OU:SE'71+=S'
MVUM$W2$




MVA@\?L2X4L%N;_(1SSZ.$R 3KA

)9D2R2

M-;'HLVH+Q[!]![HCN$F1/ HV9 _LJPXTT/*8CFO9II6QRFF/X-5M12@[7;QZ
M+()E&*2\FJ^+W8#EO;!-U[4

XDBXDQ4@[NF[10\,I
M^Y$I <WFB]W3=<_&,EU&VJ%Y*;W)BZ
4[@-.J]4!?(U*KHRDO?^1M*S#%S7
M-%QOBJ%A C0^%SZALR!


M



/SX7@6J/PIY-XM2/)

/=TE)(WTF!#:H^T3L*GX&VK]4&6FISEFU7%D3I





1F=['E_
M4,Y0Y^3'59\ZF

#[IZTT
M2V^H=-62^%,4VR2B$- 7C1Q^=-/P8?% QYCZFL7\7KA38@%3W.
\'Y2Y?;
M8CED/.DQB-#?H*U



M9!)AEO/HN6%8QRV-P6SXI$:TSFA45@F90NPD[

Z
M&D/ANJ#D(2L7VA
1$YF?[
J:)T((9U]\%:ZS \\_OOON+:+'
O+/[]Z&674


MA+X^;L)5N'V/6


SY;


;NPE3N6_
G#SLTU.#/')@&-Z\#P&

M(KV^5[**CF'.:EMHXK-R6N6\#Z-(6J5**JMCN+
FX3K$*BHEX9)'+'
F*+)'
M+J)SPYF.6^:/+$MBFGRQLPIV];4$O9ML'
)PN\0E5.%L[

ML^?M
^
@2$!*T^FMV<D$]]V#V0\C<QSCVLO@N8U+]&J5T@J+X(8P$
MM)J#S
G4OO/V30%/
!96PX7PR/^'Y$ 6!SSYW_\/U!+ P04     !(:']*
MNG@.E1P=   C5P$ $0   'II=F\M
C Q-C$R

MA_.F*A[K






MCFA':4Z(SL?L3YU.I]?OP#J5HX

MQ7#9K8HAQV'$2$[2$.BT*W\!8+7(WMN@?)@Q&$$
NCS\@#D!BA;R1H#(KG
M)!+1!-GMK. PVRR=!P_

M


2


M-Y83_&*Y$=B
J?LUPJ&S(_I.;&@JM)+8FCUF)A-\!D5(K

M.?.NJE 3?$:.$'Y




@1\3
M1*==



)VF59I%O
M!?9L4]H:6Z&G

#29WE*(S9IO/AK!:0H3_-+L(ZA#0J)#(!
MPF)!X$-2*UM=LM3 5@B


9SLBK
;J[OEN/I:
F5!Q]0LC*]



#X8/=M
@.X'2H?T\)!Z$[&P



^S4/!D
EC Y\!9AW0/
M:N=[RRWX.:Q_U;=Q--BT@T!=2$S!O_- .QT-4M?8,1O,.)7G1;&\JX&ZUF

U.62_'*
?+!LKQ4D$Y

ZKBSH)


MF(C@






M6XF4Y28TM(


F8N9WG2:?.(3 K'D*




M.7Y9G%H8@%4KEYF
1/?$3D[
LW#6LH!:
DC(Q%_!T4C6#2*K.IL'%Q7Q$8VU
 8+?O##RVWX(\GPWBV2?R@


GAP_ 9A<LVJ2,0A]*R
M0,Q1;?^PN<O=1(S+M[%I!



2+*


M\JIS5 U6(X$4PII=D53*
#J)AG

+5,J8Z&FK!$,/B^GE
M/M1]YU\ST96]*RIV!2%3@9BV=R+@EBOSFD;QOU5@M6)._Z]XDP0K09*)X[
M%EQ3ST/&4 U0BRJD2!#
#S(C2+D9/-@Z:)
=D4_2P^)80.#__OAU]%33_;A
MTU3Y8C2-5D)T^Z(0MJX

)UX*MTSE]44YIRQK '3

GU)8V(:4@.FJ+
MVR [!Y)DXN?';/

MU; 3LL!A1OC[E=_O5/FM!=.0M3MO3Q-+XW



_P%=DN?0$/^LQRJ%;K.P12R:A$)M\


6.NZP




MK*K/

%2U0*6B$E!
&U'JRV\)7?M5(ITD5

MKGR+\SCJ






^5-!J$'X2//GFWBN 6'Z-)3G5:Z HWIR(FO


MO=**U&Y'3&KAF1:D]B2D]O0B]:V$U+=ZD2K1 %V]-$#WO834]WJ1*M$ 7;TT



[++Q7
M8T'-IVB'!36-I.AQM
)3TTC*?HC[;@II$4O95V6%;SHJ^3LL]-4&DJ*G

RL&
M;M'#38@A]68H[KN][XUMH

MRLG_1Z2H



MII_

M#'HON9SM;@\?J26?K=DOBU3'?J.D%9+[Z:6U



   5

#$V
3(S




(/(QY482#U9QBK94NCT0@:]M4;L3HE*$



;2KBD8Q@VQO
M)F'2KEIZG!%:'TZW\I%7S8'/@H2E
S$PZT(B6&C@(819*JOS'Q9E-*Q%
!'D
M$SO
3JF03KY$)V_:Q%?CU(E$X:GOQVE: DRK;=M!JZ[Z[$\76\_=94K3)F


MJ\5A3+F7(@:IE_?
Y[K+P_[OA

ECBQ


9P8I?&=T*G\!4$L#
M!!0    ( $AH?TK#2EU&; H  

#$V
3(S
5]D968N

+1*M&HM:

M!WL/UTU

_Q_

M&T@4O&M;IEPRM[!

F.-VP(+NI%V)!8[_L\^
ML4. $


E1&/=6X455S7YZ9]BIDR*'A8-S&

M$_+OVA+R.F[P@AI\+)P.OU6L;%CY:/J!X&;.^=W8[)$KQ3KLX+)YOSQHQ_
M-S9Y(]WN(GN&W9]=RV6W


M

M(##)V

*?T)'XYSJ;9(][ZN2H6*WL=X*F+#&1#
/#(6
MA*?2
*
MH'7W$T=XXIJ'#?\PG@SB


*^X,^O(6J##?
M'1*:ULG'GQPWQ5?]&:2V%I9R([!<5VS';_-!XK7FTY/SYNL3BRZAR+EN!GZ(
MFD6/,6XQB)ZB;V^%#8)^'?Q\04\Q;@9#_1^Y9S:2=NL_(9F1?SL&PR'D'$8
M[_JJT9MH8W8B1!]T[PQMI!I[XRPR6^6)-VXI$F%V%4
S]
%XHAJ0N^B8C3C*
M-*.U@





H/&1=ITE@M[-(%R!QW5-


[K1/J\$QAP^:F%=2I?
WL!^
M1$[H@MNQ3Q;(#U[8%VG]#O'B=7== G4N+_7T&N64'83\UN.N\J&G.ZB9=Y$H
MF:@37S[T^LR4+
K9MNL!S*-'F&W7HIBR-H




M4$J.

!*T'Q$ ^*ZY!D6(G)[Y7P?]77-O+ID
X?1%M+\

66J]RO*:-&PHYBPLWJ
MFR:@C:R^;$)T1L%ANM+]Q#)RQ#?$V*9EUZ+1 +I 'I6QY



M;L_LW@4E439C)%$K4O8X+BXF(* H8@T- !*S9EXO_M;654  1! %9 %$)Z;

M]



C#U\C9J[ETO9R4O[FOP;
;1+;+
M3$D_V

M


_

_@


M.ZL7^CH[,':P0-1B7^W:P?CWC-
9Z]%TRL1#*Q072*92F=Q %9
_ED=$8V

\*OD89!^
M.QS0\#&:&L0R77=Z1O)52;)0K
M.KD8W(KQ#:%A-LIGWY%WKD]VT/I[0_C%:MXP[-M#&=D?(N28GC?QQ/\!6'
MEAUO+8]X[I*2I-

V2O-75NJ6@%6Y&YTWU
ML#QIH;3**=*%ER477AON \P9WE:NO2(OXB41FPOX!/+_G7+%.[@6AEL9X0
M]@\-7]G[L$MPHV@+)\YDZS/XB\?BP/Z%!!L03S9


6G1-F#OL%=;X4LGC7



[]=W8M3RV-/%M=V-Y


43ML=D
MOV3 8'\
WGS^(]B 6NP!SV6;[RC9((LM+OMM'(?N\S;FF]@X(

M%

666BZ


MOU-_QK;(%AP:75D;-[:\BC/:%@T8F$ ;ZHJZA%E!!'K$[\RCB




'V0\M

M=1T
Z\VP^$
7HGA93 )_*!=YSH3=N#Y3 ;((HE*%]



I#+:1






AC!9.N1JDXAG-

?IAT8]3M


M#Y&41P6+8+&B4NTT;EH$GI5


I)!6CD0'5.[.CMC%R7(_-1J@C M^+LQ+PJ-[HC
!WKPWJ0DM)


A;2)O MP

HG543=8'76#U6;:&B2;'BY61QI8



M4'(O:\B+3/5%Y4?8/O4-?1V[9
&O#39$0(D_=AP7['L77@5?IQ&/7?'@-NB1
M

O$



W'YSMU]$2GKEKN&@S\9M?I*!8^A3]](FGW.*TWP@[P5 R3[
M WLZVK)6LT]X'GFF9!O1Y19$)%;F92]Y<YLP<+9V3/:YD?[W]@TBN W
;57



2!%[QP





!#RZECCD4= 8DO;?G&NY
M^X?C'BYMZK



MH
MLGMV;: CT8 :

L&;JO)J6YE/B'[]-BB
)U8



M^S5N4M^FFY(UW5:AZ:&83



-A 1O/ONCR+-:
M6SNX-;


4 ;7$BEYZEOW+W&9#
M2R/X7+*?W@7.OD.'5^E-&C%1U[:YS@8NS/A8IROP%PGRF2%[EH(F7S=1?\

MF61?X ^1GXCAE79H9)-JFW#X3)2G6A.[6U(G7S=DK(=C?H=0]6$ZC7\?3L

V%35V-.'9L:2MH+42.=5I&6U#UM
M@














M(&+NAOVDC+.NZDD

MYO2

.65QUNM.M'[45:](7+'5AH@0J3#+Y=B9[NPOCY:<5EI
MQX-'4$GO%?)0B^ND3;CJ(%KU52..T)9%4X?*)/+?OUDQ09QV7BV$[<A@RA
M^ V2A$3A)9$3(Z]R!4G3.3=
_7ITHW?BZ)U7^&$0O6DK+/$%U769N/MDL!^

T::9!


M%0_B0OWK9.-B^T7+










MU=$)M]85$HC@

[




I@^<]]+LR5Q7G:H]N2OOV4!\#&.9XHJL-3Y[Y.^$PT:1=<TLD.7





?S^60Q./KUVFX7P:.V


 Z+ )(
QB\A
MY5&?3Y#[\Q-4*5JLJ


M9335Q' LX_7.
M3% .0HBCIST*XHZL[+#N05;W1'47=N8BK0H*@[[X6BKE%O



+OS%H)@PIKJA0ZA'QZAD*MU#1:M$&='-2-7/OL%<




MR P7+-84PX;02;A;46A:I]G0XPZ;=]&HMOR OEO1
TY+)X)9SR0F5''IN:



M?$*1=%]Z/&Z-F\%&C+?5&X/=FRT0[Y$I6\O8_$

MVN!_R
@:&$(;&:0(R^9CACB2X66$79E2RA:;(JOT)JBK&*GQ$NJX0ULG-)3X
M4=WA505;P-:EV1RO







5+FC':6
M[P8.32


;M!E&50]




8



J[

]@P8V2C(PX(&OK%TI&9V0CCV
&Y$@J8^6.)74@UA'A



W


T%5XP3VR10'6I=A
M4_84CK6M4BH&KYEF3:?2(#4VG3V9]&Y(*1XU)LI3O-5C4'%.QIE[AWO@YC*
MNNP_T
V4_5PF(]UZ=@G$&[R


MS?&5(X1NY^V($RQKZT6!?V7Y#R*A+\U B!:K
-B^K! $[CPJ



%\J5R??DHEM\/5@@I..I/
MAO:K&=MJA_&,7E!7GLA$AQ1




M(G#!I4=

M
HJ:5;F7SDQ0 G'EE9#K[)ZNXV/I*+) S$(SIF*%JY58Y
M#H92UQ-6RN2


/N$ BJE=9$0




Z2$


M6E)RGB\D=U!






M=J7Y(YOR0]=FTWYF?\ IBN?VBCI;CUZ?G9]7U/I&-&3 U5KJ;L+UDL__7@-R
ME3TXX62/IR22:I#3:RBG=;X/:#/KEAU:0M=-N[3(D5RXI55+7!KC' B&+LDL

X#I_*


MG39/-/M

T-QUIG
M


LP\T+[



M=-.MVO $==\&XG'-;5







MBC5A_3MH5G0=C7#A$NDM 4@ X$@9A@]FC?6D]DRVNCL#\8!&YCC@:]?&6I_1
MW6GX4ZV?'#Z'C^BND(R



FQ_@_\(I11]ZDRL$
ZAH['-
M5NY;7@#OFBY=VZTZ+]1X$0L5?=U0J\1]JT0V.S @Z=NAB*^&@]1CP1M(#I'I

M;(] @P

M+NUP=KK;8M@.)5[ZD7P(&F@2FB$2F[!]-Y#,9PVT0R#BY0,-PY(PH75+;N8
M\:XI.5-=+%W\M(F9LJ1ES8&9X]'1DGZX&T013SV:1F$;U;H5)UQUKR /E!2

.*2F/5;Y
M$5EBK,SF7]*X)ZSNCYSDE?W\:E^DY-9=TNIB,X8:QOB%V;[A#R)33&8Y9I,B
M9&G5@50=DM&'W,J

MRP)HOHXO%-!
3XS32+[]-_TS)./U!
Z?3M?<Z9 ^UW6)GS)6 (T7.BGU8RS_O[[<
M#\]$[+I23N.^*)DL7UY^F+%E&RL$
XXV:H7=HYI7J7
A/(#/Z0.91LD.0:
MM/^HS*95Y*5=XGP56W3*[Y@G=EPP1[57-!I]7*S8/NR&OV![U0/0X=:-X-C


4#CKM0'EX?
91+\E4

NH (QW_QI:2ZFB]AG*/!GHAD[!4?A2"(!5._<BR*QD&7*1PQW2^DG
M^.[U[BP-3)1SF*:0[),@R]K([9<G0@VL (\:A[$DUU4R49^69)6B0WYU0
!




F5 WE19641]=_%



MD-OI^')Z.QU2H3Y] QS0$.J-1M]LA H
%1XRPT=H$BOC^7RR&$H9O_INEG
0


3O
S
E6ZD\C+PY0-8T6P

L][$W30KF0MR9 1-+B)(O@
MW6P;<\?\/@RB2&A0XB/J=]!D-CH:X7EJO$0*$+ DD_ +2*6JI+-T;JD1RV#
MZ=I1*&-TS'/ !J
-0E




%YS)=U[0JIH29;%



7%9Z??$LBM$S[Z$T





;.B]$+%
MT(S466]5<Y/Q7O?M<JTLEW6^]I!N[X;76[H(LA'ZF1XY2L89]/5!Q74LN7?
MBVP]WMT \^!U39&%4*.QZ3'^&Q:MEQ#@?Y6)[Q^'_-0))H7+W?Z1!Q')/X8:

ME!! 7E


:JFH





0XVU%R&'X
M[

JQRRY/ZM&-.(*S=HN #3#_!(EKYCF7

MGRYJ6BAWL-@$B.U=) D

MJ$7[5EXOV[-A)XZ2X%ECB(.\3A6
=Y-.F<C





ST'U0V]W;*??O^2CJ0]8S
!A#'&.^;A




;X

8CZZ0AG%1:))P9A.YF3+D; A5#5.Y




M+V\GY'IRN3#L)P8TK_6-HOH#\PE%]\O(953XZ9/%42QZ'BS7J:8\*CZ%YVPL


#HK9%2OAJ&PP6YD(V

1ILHW\S?1JNAC<@EEIAX
U
MLMZ@-(551.T/+\'KMPYU 5$?X0\ I(\9(+$?_77ORD/VV?/M=GRWIBI_R9


M5KR]&$@CE*H_0QUQ78HV=L5BU8R;M9](GOR-Y3H/(=MMN!NKC/FX^ 3&O2ND



M-L%_7Z
%[HHZ$T$:I0+4P:1'Z(

MQ+&YYP5O
-N7P%WU!K)*EHXVN%LX(2*ANWE-I #ECA!CBC3)7&?T\ZS=I'OO


8_]'1 ^
\LGU^PL8ED%0$ 1F&/
=4-Y1U&BC3@?WZ

:3P&U=48WSG!5'T


^3%9]_ZI16O)7FI@F9SS_]

4#I17?6Z4*HZ9H







$X:K[D*W&UZ

WJ=PP1&]=KA$LBR-




/O/[UVM7$ (SC=@G!
IY

R?C^FES-[A?3^^\G]U?3R=Q0




M+.[!+[R8D5R/



E_I1%;H4BKE8T_#D,6&LE8T +:ZL:5%M)R);*8&\

MT .U&4PF-@F'0'#VO
 /B6
S

P'$2228.LHSTP=]2GV?@0UB=JBX
MO4Q*8?+XG31S





S&FU\N1L_R8(
M@0_6M6GI(ESQ HIE64L7C&]/





UX$?-)Q


DP&HV

8I*&B6B9L*;)]7 29Y1]SP)$;79$

M8B4*FDV5/([A-/



N3;[&F=2WZ$
MZ.&YO:+.UJ.3LXNS!RI.%DI\JF5#!DA96NIN@FDE8;_;:T!R5:-X^/4IB:0:
MY'3)OB+


MIMJ6(;;T?$#_;=RQ06

@ +K&M2IK$CADYZJ9
 *#/JEVFA



R 4[E\6!.=3CFJ8&*:*RU<@AR.!L3O?%
ML
_;=VDTJEGTU3V-HG]3:X$!SKYYDK0_$-1H=C[''Z8Y!L=
]H5[*N#E]H*(





=!





M)3P@K4'?WFE_H)NI_TJCF%?LOO5L*7C+_NV




M?=PDP
OT
(SQC(B.4-ZV$[@9?
!0+S-('=HKX87+6J=.(F 1/+#Q7%D1%850










]:& GLHK

EDL;B=W@+79#;F=+J;?CQ?3V3WD@G98)
MX_^H=2K.3 _.S

M

+&BCU8
5SYCW]^NRVYG&K: 8V=LI2WJ


E;&S#JL9&4UWO'\VQE;&RS
Q

XWSRPD/FH?+2%.Q



=%


M_):@L
'+*
K4QCKBX@;?9#'&B%A2'I$173 R3XN  (3'&J=M)+Y=[.8&][

0D:FN
[[[MJNN_(!GT[*
J.68_%

\[DC1OR)5
:*_R

(SI8)MU%5=G/A(6R:+E
U$+9YJF/









=U8_@Z3.#=;
MCLX*@]VQ







$

MT%S

5;
NC0:^!WQ&9^5$?ZIWNB
S_C
F@FL_XS!11H

MF.
SKNW=H/B
STII!)O K[U;Y)L=?2KQ@X-'


MBC*[ V+XL[)9-/][0^ \

MXOJ15

MXVW0.
-40OK)0\^ACC6'EB%O




W;_Q%T]@



MCZ@2






/EB44RWFB4
MB0J^#V*:J;A63- ;QRHB*WR;V.






M QKL/
]2M(4M431I
M61+YX_$R(F.O]4MG[#?O1C7V09)3&_O-N[_.V&MZ:S'V9E
C
?99#V=R1L:9

;)
M@D-$ 6Q
0+U38
C5B@1C6T/M*^-'@8N%9#SO_TH7LEE:*P5 GQ#P77PB=[H
MR: ;*IEH=I
=J
-F^BO'&OQ\D.J 2
T
ZDH
+QZ3S:0B7P&PRU[YC)2+\CB




M
%'LA1SPBB^)5VHE\L_;FQFYOSI32C_7THURW

M122^2\FZB&%-#A@F?[1'BI5WZO K5
!GXTYSN9\;!] L8V3#!#$XV-8 HO
M*
U@[M]*8?)(FU03\(TX0+_GQY6E80G*X%I&;&NDHIWD':K(EBGF1%47^DX@
[JD?\J\'Z8L
M,U0]T;HMR8!L'7+PP[D9+W*:7 ?._-#.\;J102?Q

-I$[' X6JJ?H,@GBF^F)Y)2EK&24D768K&!43/#13E\;IE0:4_O+*0/Q
MV8DY06+0%W&Q-_R K*NZ#1^8\^P'*^4T56JS


@B3UE1+:NJ!9;H

MXKM:M@B:K\7N'1*@$KNTPVSLN6)F([5N%^O=OM5[Q( IN8C9P[%2KU?LLV

)=J

M%0   'II=F\M
C Q-C$R



M7


AR
M /B??_];QFD4^N !K%Z1/Q\?QK+:OR7EWT(O^F
0+I

RRC
0




M 'ACA!(0

M'!/%LC9S4=*9P49;Y^M
A5GRY


(;%WH#;]N08# 7@T&


=EQ<+F,
M$KPIGFC(=3 P*]G$DTA_/:&7*LUR:7/<*E[DN3@W^%()%_=AL*Q[2J+4,8:A
M<PY*-Q

K80Y!C+Q05-^T\2]6MSK2RC1N&PJ;-G8*8
M8C;


98[U6.UU%


[4M?(FLY$ ;[]40Y


 *8*9

MJV$C?SP 3'LQ6A%6CJ$+8
6\]Z)

;Z/,B7J=(/-]LP2!]-?X4L$X=?I^N(-]I
MHC)U]@T@O8//!\#&*









YTZL
X.P!F$)R@D3'\EHG
G4



M_ONL72K-0&.&:C]\;]=F5/4LYO\G^UQ;B_ !+$.\8_N@I.XB5#/$M71U8-+
M#P?J(M7I9D!J[*%[
))X
D#6?:CDW?[-2MWR[#.^9&;(G605/?$\4POWO4Y
M7KSK;X#5.D@JB[37[X

M.Y'.9S7'9K8:9%( %I
2E2Z?0QGD= ?\EV6X#0/6]S$%A;\UMLI(F9:_:@ P

MEW#

J
5YATIOBF;OC
MY!(3U[LL'D]0
2WKP:G(@P2




MHNX;?LD;) /OC
ZCA:V[:=Z-XL#AIUJ0J6$S9U*(F.;!* H[=WTP72W(V2Z)
M=NFEL@2%M%J71B

M^#(KSNAQ[L'+I?J\-MOT@..]@GB@Y;FT4 B !?N5X(C.S+VU(I^VBH:
GW

MW
P5S
0JR82N

RMS_8[-6BHNXDL


A- 9\#
MN()+-XB/
V86^A S@D2V@63E[I:.9AR6G!.2^%S $C-[F
Z&#XO?G?O!\%^/

M%RTFM9KHUJ
%[NP+2;[*G^*N <T%K *3
MJ7






M;48YZB0K6\.?+!BFY9Q^P*!B0

R&







/J3W*ZY6QB[?B%E$VWU8Y:UB16.
MQNJBM^MD




0ML T1




M68)*UA$F L&T

Z9$YO97KLO/%E2
M*)FZK-8Y4U9816D(R/0+\#Z![3AX 6C_0=%BW_W
HH O((\Y8(=QU&^JN^DL



4V1-A5[.-!C((Z#R7S

M-M^J\TA6*#WV@-AW)*RBR#+



MM_OBCG@7_35J*_4NDD\4X^%7ZCA=;++13$R[E0^6
?[)+0C2;(2NGXUPA%D;

M]]42%BT]LL.7XB?1\$_S3%!X*/9=?YE%D*?9NYA3MWE;5E)\!G3:+ZH*$?W3

ME^(Y[5G)WYD0\J_ M!^J3OQM#_CO$5RFGS@_9MX[\WQ5LY=6CUHU95.5C9C=

M]HJ[M#=LZ&)I+

M&LMPZ3ZRR



<
MTZIE3H!DD%W:S%/



.3KK]E+?@R^9.8OR6.^]

MW?8;2?Q/!%&


U[


R)%W9








[!^W]9E3%F+)
K.;#


*5SPO0H[FM]R^\8T7QYU%C6W'Y%U+5=953!$EF-C%H5+ #PT

P@4.J R&93LKJ]U
KBPSXW6
3S
MB2/@3.(I[5WX2* AR([]['IH-#DBTX9$LW9L' H-$6/'C)XW!#KT1_R@S1_Q

MED66[FQWA;&

M\N)*HBK;QVD/G&
6O[RZ].)YTZ
P(@]!\%!U4'\-P6K_%0QRD%CAY2LZ+SY-
M6U?=K1U2C!:SE^N!NIUXT&9[WHUBJ^'&%KK/!
VO7<UI--36+59/,$HNDJ
M;YQC3#+*DKQ6FE^FL0H=M
O-%$_$L
KWMT4%^%Y2
3*U59[[OM*[]E.(X'R





G+-#\D*MG%@ P*VA/:


M[$ZP7_=LW:][S/U:77K^0G?7@OWZVM;]^IJY7RO
P%_L3[!A7]NZ85\S-VR%





992[I+[+.EB
M+:*MO


%H.T2HAH7SDD+

18
MS?

%:+?8

C9A$E &UOB.A;Q






M[J@9P6K4MHFX6JAH#W Z=Q3U=$S$GE6$JL0'33UNN_ E$$O$F&



MG[]






*Y

64:L&2.UIVZ;!P:'S(W'H



MI5];R4%9P8;)Q_:_(/]YPES]\^__!U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $AH?TH@RWR'+94
M *(@0 1                0    !Z:79O+3(P
38Q
C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4

M+3(P
38Q
C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $AH?TJ^DGM?BP(  -4
   5

#$V
M
3(S

M         ( !!
   'II=F\M
C Q-C$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

end



