

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-19-000119
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190212
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				870699977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30415
		FILM NUMBER:		19590730
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 452 9866
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN GLORY HOLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215









 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.














 2018









Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.













2804 Orchard Lake Rd.
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320









Common Stock
 par value $.001 per share



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.






 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.



 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ &nbsp;&nbsp;]





 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).

















 2018 by non-affiliates of the issuer was $20
172
951 based on the closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock on such date.


 2019
 there were 180
036
436 shares of $.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding.





ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX






































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities





































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.











Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.































Some of the statements contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry&#8217;s actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to statements regarding:















In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221;
 &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; and similar expressions intended to identify forward looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also
 these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by law
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events
 conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.








Unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires
 references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;the Registrant&#8221; or &#8220;the Company&#8221; refer to ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc..
 a Nevada corporation
 and its subsidiaries.




 1983
 under the name of &#8220;L. Peck Enterprises
 Inc.&#8221; On May 27
 1999
 we changed our name to &#8220;Western Glory Hole
 Inc.&#8221; From 1990 until October 2003
 we had no business operations; we were in the development stage and were seeking profitable business opportunities. On October 30
 2003
 we acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Health Enhancement Corporation (&#8220;HEC&#8221;) in exchange for 9
000
000 of our shares
 making HEC our wholly-owned subsidiary. In connection with this transaction
 we changed our name to Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. On October 14
 2014
 at the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company
 a proposal was passed to change the name of the Company from Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. to ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc. (&#8220;ZIVO&#8221;). On October 30
 2014
 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) approved the name ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc. for trading purposes and the symbol change to ZIVO effective November 10
 2014.


 AZ produced and marketed a liquid dietary supplement with marginal success beginning in 2003 until sales were suspended in January of 2012.


 in place since December 2011
 determined the sole focus for the near term was to move forward with a research-based product development program. From 2012 through 2018
 we engaged fully in such activities
 all as more fully explained herein. We hold significant intellectual property in the form of bioactive compounds
 patented applications and processes
 an optimized algal strain
 nutritional products and applications derived from our proprietary algal biomass that can find their way into food
 feed
 supplements and therapeutics.


 we are conducting the final phase of validation for a discovery-stage bovine mastitis treatment
 studies
 which is intended to dovetail with analytics and characterization of bioactive compounds produced by the algae itself. This body of work will be submitted to Zoetis
 Inc. (ZTS) (&#8220;Zoetis&#8221;) a global animal health company
 per an option/collaboration agreement dated December 19
 2013 and amended in 2014
 to determine if our bioactive compounds exhibit efficacy in addressing bovine mastitis
 a common condition afflicting dairy cows that results in milk production losses. Upon completion of the research
 we expect to move into negotiations regarding the option payment and subsequent licensing.


 we plan to explore our options for further licensing arrangements as they relate to canine joint health and potentially human cholesterol management.


 our business model anticipates deriving future income from licensing and selling natural ingredients that may be extracted from or are initially based on our proprietary alga1 cultures. In line with this
 on April 20
 2017
 we entered into a Limited License Agreement (the &#8220;License Agreement&#8221;) with NutriQuest
 LLC (&#8220;NutriQuest&#8221;) a recognized leader in animal health and nutrition solutions. In the License Agreement
 we granted to NutriQuest a limited
 exclusive license to market
 distribute sell and collect the sales proceeds in all of our nutrition
 feed additive and supplementation applications relating to naturally-derived algal biomass and extraction products for oral administration in swine and/or poultry species. As mentioned above
 we affirmed human GRAS Generally Recognized As Safe
 or &#8220;GRAS&#8221; status as a plant-based ingredient in food products for human consumption. We are in the process of garnering poultry GRAS status as a production feed ingredient and expect that approval in mid-2019. We have also entered into an Exclusive Supply Agreement (the &#8220;Exclusive Supply Agreement&#8221;) with NutriChipz
 LLC (&#8220;NutriChipz&#8221;) to supply our algae as an ingredient in chips and crisps. Other applications available for out-licensing include spice mixes
 rubs and condiments.


 we expect these new product formulations will likely be sold to much larger
 well-established animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. We expect bulk ingredients to be made by contracted algae growers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and food processors and/or name-brand marketers.





 we established HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. as our wholly owned subsidiary (&#8220;HEPI Pharma&#8221;). The purpose of HEPI Pharma was to develop potential pharmaceutical applications for the bioactive ingredients that may be derived from our algae cultures.


 we formed ZIVO Biologic
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;ZIVO Biologic&#8221;)
 for the purpose of manufacturing and commercialization of proprietary ingredients for non-medicinal animal health applications. ZIVO Biologic is 100% owned by ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc.


 we acquired the assets
 consisting primarily of intellectual property rights
 of Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&#8220;Wellness&#8221;)
 a Michigan corporation based in Illinois. Concurrently
 we formed WellMetris
 LLC as a 100% owned entity of ZIVO. In 2018
 we changed the name of WellMetris
 LLC to WellMetrix
 LLC (&#8220;WellMetrix&#8221;). We acquired four patent applications as part of the transaction
 in addition to engineering drawings
 prototypes
 chemical formulae
 validation data
 laboratory equipment and IT equipment. We assigned all of the intellectual property acquired to WellMetrix with a stated value of $1
391
281. 


 manufacture
 market and sell Wellness Tests. The Wellness Tests are intended to provide individuals the information and opportunity to optimize their health and identify future health risks or to provide insurers
 employers and healthcare providers with timely information to intervene with wellness programs
 fitness regimes or other preventative measures. During the period of time we have owned WellMetrix
 we have drafted and filed an additional eight patent applications around the intellectual property acquired
 as noted in the section &#8220;Patents and Proprietary Rights.&#8221; In the summer of 2014
 we evaluated the circumstances related to the original four patent applications acquired and determined that two of the existing patent applications could be improved and filed new patents applications to redefine and better protect our intellectual property. We have abandoned one of the initial four patent applications purchased
 released two of the four applications purchased and substituted them with two new patent applications
 and retained ownership of one of the four applications purchased
 which has now converted to a national phase application. In connection with the abandoned patents
 we have protected our rights with regards to the original patent applications purchased
 however we determined we should record a loss on abandonment of $1
391
281 for the year ended December 31
 2014 as the initial value of the acquired patent applications pending resides in the newly drafted and filed eight patent applications. On December 25
 2018 the U.S Patent and Trademark Office (&#8220;USPTO&#8221;) issued Patent No. 10
161
928 &#8211;&nbsp;Wellness Panel
 effectively securing the core conceptual premise of the WellMetrix technology platform.




 in November 2018
 we affirmed GRAS status for our ZIVO algal strain to be used as a plant based ingredient in food products for human consumption. A tradename was adopted -- KALGAE&#8482; -- to simplify the scientific name of our premier strain. We&#8217;re also developing a consumer-facing ingredient brand-name
 as well
 to differentiate our optimized
 non-GMO domesticated algal strain from the wild strains present in nature or other
 less palatable algae such as spirulina or euglena
 which are positioned as healthy food and beverage ingredients. 


 test
 manufacture and market a suite of anti-aging and skin health supplements and food products featuring our proprietary algal biomass. ZIVO and Grekin have completed the formulation work and are engaged in manufacturing startup
 to be followed by clinical trials and market launch.


 we have completed a number of studies relating to poultry production that support optimized animal nutrition. At this time
 ZIVO will not publicly divulge additional information regarding study performance due to marketing and product positioning considerations. These studies are being performed in conjunction with our licensing partner
 NutriQuest
 a global innovator in animal nutrition
 as well as select contract research organizations. On the pharmaceutical side of the business
 ongoing studies during 2018 re-confirmed the presence and efficacy of therapeutic agents which promote a robust immune response and address several inflammatory pathways in human
 murine and bovine models. This builds on several years of research and validation to substantiate beneficial effects in combatting bovine mastitis
 a condition typically caused by infective pathogens that results in loss of milk production. The elucidation and characterization of the therapeutic agents has continued in parallel
 and we have engaged several university labs and private labs to continue this work
 as it adds to the discovery-stage intellectual property that can be out-licensed or sold.


 2018 saw a significant increase in the availability of funding. On the nutrition side
 this allowed the Company to commence commercial scale-up with several Indian producers. The Indian producers have moved forward with open pond production
 and we expect noticeable volume in Q1 2019. We have also expended considerable effort to bring Chinese producers on line and await formal product registration with the Chinese government to commence production in several regions within mainland China. In late 2018 we signed a formal letter of intent with a Peruvian producer that can ramp up production to significant levels in a relatively short timeframe
 and has expressed interest in building new facilities to meet our demand for biomass. 





 non-GMO strain development to improve cultivation efficiencies. On the pharmaceutical side
 we are accelerating the discovery and analytics work pertinent to the bovine mastitis therapeutic candidate
validation study. A number of key research organizations were engaged to work on several fronts simultaneously in order to compress the timeframe and approach the tasks from different functional and analytical perspectives. The research organizations included the National Center for Natural Product Research at the University of Mississippi
 Michigan State University School of Veterinary Medicine
 University of North Carolina &#8211;&nbsp;Greensboro
 Donald Danforth Plant Science Center
 Boston Institute of Biotechnology
 Eurofins
 SBH Biosciences
 Dairy Experts and Elicityl. 






 we have approached and are continuing to approach potential customers or licensees in the market verticals described below. The products described throughout this document are still in the development stage
 and are subject to development risk. There can be no assurance that any of the products described below will prove to be effective
 or if found to be effective
 will be able to be produced in a commercially viable manner.




 the condition affects 10% of the U.S. dairy herd at any one time
 costing producers approximately $1
100 per case. In the U.S. alone
causes a highly contagious and potentially fatal form of bovine mastitis (an infection of the mammary gland)
 for which there currently is no treatment. In the cow&#8217;s udder
 mammary epithelial cells form an immunological barrier to protect the mammary gland. When bacteria or other pathogens break through this barrier
 an infection can set in
 affecting quality and quantity of milk produced. Our compounds showed promising early results for restoration of the immunological barrier in experiments conducted 
 as conducted by the Principal Researcher at the University of Wisconsin - Madison
 Department of Dairy Science.


 2013 (amended in 2014)
 we entered into a Collaboration and Option Agreement (the &#8220;Zoetis Agreement&#8221;) with Zoetis
 a global animal health company
 in connection with the prevention
 treatment
 and management of bovine mastitis. In the Zoetis Agreement
 we granted to the counterparty an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive license with us. Specifically
 upon completion of a collaborative study (which is in process)
 and acceptance of the work product by Zoetis
 the Zoetis Agreement provides for a 90-day exclusivity period for evaluation of results
 followed by a 90-day period to exercise the option and negotiate an option payment.


 we intend to move on three related fronts &#8211; working to bring an algal feed ingredient to market in the United States and EU by amplifying the algae culture; working to produce a dietary supplement or feed additive for global consumption outside the U.S.; and
 putting ourselves in a position to license the isolated bioactive molecules to a pharmaceutical or drug development company for synthetic development as a prescribed treatment for production animal applications. The isolated bioactive molecules form the intellectual property of interest to Zoetis. The feed ingredient
 feed additive and dietary supplement are intended for other potential collaborators along with NutriQuest
 (whose agreement covers swine and/or poultry species only).


 which if successful could allow a relatively rapid release to production and sales as a companion animal dietary supplement. According to the Nutrition Business Journal
 the canine joint-health dietary supplement market segment tops $360 million annually in the U.S. alone. Estimates for the world market may be substantially higher
tissue explant experiment conducted by the Comparative Orthopaedics Laboratory at University of Missouri found that direct stimulation of living canine joint tissue with our bioactive compounds protected cartilage from degradation by IL-1b
and can be produced on an efficient basis
 we intend to sell or license our product as a supplement ingredient to larger
 well-established and profitable brand names in the pet industry. We have conducted other laboratory studies simulating the effects of canine osteoarthritis with generally positive results.





 the isolated bioactive molecules found in the amplified algae product may
 subject to successful negotiations
 be licensed to a pharmaceutical company for development as a synthetic prescription drug. We expect that the process of developing and testing such a drug could take years. Therefore
 as is common practice
 we intend to work toward negotiating an upfront discovery-stage licensing fee
 milestone payments upon each successful conclusion of a developmental phase
 followed by pre-market approval; and finally
 a steady stream of royalties in the future. The other revenue streams generated by feed and supplement sales may begin to be realized in 2019
 but no assurance can be provided in that regard. Much of the research and licensing progress has been and will continue to be paced by the availability of capital funding and/or debt financing (see Item 7 &#8211;&nbsp;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Liquidity and Capital Resources).


 we entered into the License Agreement with animal health innovator NutriQuest
 which provides nutritional services to the biggest brand names in US poultry and pork production. We have completed a number of &#8220;pen&#8221; studies (pen studies are controlled testing of our ZIVO Algae to groups of incubator chicks ranging in size from 1
000 chicks to 25
000 chicks
 ultimately up to 1 million chicks - &#8220;broilers&#8221;). Broilers consume more than 61 billion pounds of feed annually in the U.S.. The U.S. is the third-largest poultry producing nation. Phytogenic or plant-based ingredients like ours constitute the fastest-growing segment of the global poultry feed industry
 currently generating about $780 million in sales annually
 and growing at 8% annually. We are well-positioned to take market share if we meet our numbers. 




 functional foods
 or health foods
 represent an estimated $20 billion business in the U.S. and a $28 billion business in Europe. The Middle East
 although significantly smaller
 is growing at a rate of 12-14% annually
 followed closely by the newly-affluent in China and India. These foods typically are processed products that contain one or more staple foods augmented with a variety of performance-enhancing ingredients.


 we plan to work with other suppliers in the functional food market vertical as our algae supply expands.




 dried kelp
 Omega-3 fish oil
 resveratrol
 saw palmetto and similar supplements attests to the American public&#8217;s obsession with &#8216;natural&#8217; products. The dietary supplement business is a $24 billion industry in the U.S. alone
 and twice that the world over.


 we will endeavor to private-label the compound or finished product for larger
 well-established marketers and retailers. If we are able to accomplish this
 we believe this is a more efficient use of capital and resources
 while still retaining control of the intellectual property
 the manufacturing process and pricing power. Our goal is not to be placed in a position where our premier product application is commodified and we must compete on price.


 we have executed a letter of intent with Grekin Laboratories
 directed by Dr. Steven K. Grekin
 in a joint effort to develop
 test and launch an exclusive line of products designed to address skin health and the appearance of aging through novel combinations of all-natural ingredients featuring the ZIVO proprietary algae strain. The initial product line being readied for launch includes a nourishing complex
 fatty acid replenishment
 collagen/protein mix and phytonutrient booster. 




 during or after various medical procedures
 including surgery
 chemotherapy
 radiation therapy and physical therapy. At times
 medicinal foods are used to augment the effects of prescription drugs. These medicinal foods are expensive and typically reimbursed by health insurers. Botanical drugs can also be made available over-the- counter (OTC) after an extensive compliance program.


 or as an OTC botanical drug. These sectors are both regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;). Medicinal food standards are somewhat less stringent than pharmaceutical applications. Botanical drug standards are similar to other pharmaceutical applications. Under our business model
 if we are able to produce a commercial product in these areas
 we will endeavor to enter into a private-label arrangement with a larger strategic partner to produce and distribute these product applications.







 complex and time-consuming. It is an undertaking well beyond our financial capabilities and one that may take years to achieve. Our intent is to out-license the natural molecules at discovery stage and allow the licensee to develop the Investigatory New Drug (IND) filing and conduct subsequent safety/efficacy phases in order to bring a therapeutic product to market. If we elect to pursue the development of a prescription drug
 we will likely seek a partnership with a co-developer that will share in the risk and expense of the initial development process
 and then share in any royalties resulting from the licensing or sale of any synthetic molecule and its homologs we are able to develop and license. 


 licenses fees and royalty payments across animal and human applications
 typically at the discovery stage.




 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that we believe will allow individuals and their care providers to optimize personal health and identify future health risks. The information obtained will also provide insurers
 employers and healthcare providers timely information to intervene with wellness programs
 fitness regimes or other preventative measures. We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:

In phase one (&#8220;Phase One&#8221;) or
 alternately named Gen 1.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize a series of tests
 which are intended to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#8220;Phase One Test&#8221;). The Phase One Test has been designed to measure biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 and antioxidant status to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and from which metabolic syndrome can be inferred. A patent that covers this particular combination of biomarkers was issued December 25
 2018.&nbsp;

In phase two (&#8220;Phase Two&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 1.5
 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology focused on the positive or negative metabolic effects of metabolizing fat and muscle efficiency due to changes in diet
 exertion
 hydration and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems.&nbsp;

In phase three (&#8220;Phase Three&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 2.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize additional tests intended to provide a more complete metabolic profile for an individual utilizing the metabolites present in urine. The Company believes the Gen 2.0 tests
 in aggregate
 will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time. This technology can also be applied to livestock and companion animals. As capital funding becomes available
 the Company will move forward with finalizing its transition cow syndrome test
 for which a provisional patent application has already been filed.&nbsp;




 diabetes
 autoimmune diseases and cancer. The Wellness Tests are intended to identify pre-conditions to such illnesses. Such identification may allow for early intervention and reduce incidence of such illnesses or forestall their onset. This is critically important to large employers
 insurers and governmental agencies who are payers for health claims and are facing massive increases in premiums or cash outlays.


 report
 record and manage wellness and health data for an individual or large groups such as large employers
 pension funds
 accountable care organizations
 state Medicaid agencies and their actuarial consultants
 underwriters
 re-insurers and wellness consultants. The software also contains tools to conduct meta-analysis of baseline health benchmarks and monitor the progress of pre-clinical intervention programs within large groups.


 all development work has been halted until this entity is either sold
 funded independently of ZIVO Bioscience
 or spun out as a free-standing business.









 Omega-3 and antioxidants are made and marketed in a fiercely competitive
 price-sensitive market environment. Recently
 several algae producers have made health claims for their proprietary algae strains
 ranging from alternative treatment for diabetes to controlling some HIV symptoms. Proprietary products offered by some marketers are often dogged by unsubstantiated claims of product efficacy or present potential product safety issues
 which in turn draw the attention of regulators. The optimal position for a supplement and ingredient maker is when pricing power can be exerted through well-protected intellectual property and further backed by well-documented safety and efficacy claims.


 Cognis
 ConAgra
 Cargill and Nestle
 each of which has active M&amp;A efforts
 a large scientific staff and a generous R&amp;D budget to develop supplements and ingredients for a wide range of applications. However
 we intend to approach these very same competitors as potential strategic partners
 in order to leverage their specific expertise in certain food and supplement categories where a mutually beneficial relationship can be established. There can be no assurance that this strategy will be effective.


 the companion animal dietary supplement segment
 and specifically canine joint health
 is made up almost exclusively of chondroitin/glutathione supplements
 which have dominated that segment for more than a decade. This $360 million segment represents a potentially lucrative opportunity to introduce a completely new product if we are able to demonstrate superior benefits and produce a product at a comparable price. It is likely we will partner with an established animal health brand name.


 the animal health market as it pertains to mastitis in dairy cows
 and specifically feed ingredients that exhibit beneficial properties
 has been largely in the realm of yeast-based products. Only recently has there been a focus on algae-based alternatives
 as promoted by Alltech with its $200 million expansion of an algae facility in Kentucky. In the U.S.
 feed ingredients cannot be promoted using any form of health claim
 and dietary supplements for production animals are
 to our knowledge
 non-existent due to FDA/CVM regulation. However
 outside the U.S.
 the use of dietary supplements is widespread
 and we intend to market our refined ingredients to a worldwide market in partnership with a global brand name.




 which changes markedly throughout the day. Blood-based wellness tests can be even less reliable because the biomarkers for oxidative stress and inflammation are extremely dynamic and will often change before the blood can be tested
 casting doubt on the results.


 there is no guarantee that our products will be proven to be effective and commercially viable
 or that a larger
 better-financed competitor may not emerge once we begin promoting our products.






 we continue to use the AzCATI facility at Arizona State University to produce our microbial mixture for continued experimentation and as a source of inoculum to seed ponds of contracted growers overseas. Our initial approach to building a global supply chain is to approach existing spirulina algae growers. Spirulina producers can easily convert their ponds to grow the ZIVO algae strain. This would allow us to rapidly build production capacity with relatively low capital expense. Once a licensed grower supply chain is established
 we will endeavor to build larger scale facilities with joint venture partners in locations best suited for our proprietary algal strains. This is intended to provide stability and consistency in the global supply. 


 we have three ZIVO algae contract growers in India. We have signed two Letters of Intent with Chinese companies to commence production of our microbial mixture immediately upon approval from the Chinese Government to import our ZIVO Algae strain into China. We also have a Letter of Intent with a grower in Peru and are awaiting approval from that Government to import our ZIVO Algae strain into Peru. We are actively pursuing other algae producers in other areas of the world.







 we will need two physical components to deliver our services. A dedicated
 custom reader device and a test comprised of eight (8) different chemistry tests on a single urine test panel housed in a proprietary disposable cartridge.


 custom reader device is manufactured by a third party to our specifications. We do not believe that there is a risk of supply
 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the unit.


 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the units.






 we reoriented the business model to focus on research and development in order to license our product and technology to third parties and to furnish algal biomass in bulk. Our potential customers are larger
 well-established brand names in nutrition and health who will likely combine our algal biomass with other ingredients for feed
 food and beverage applications. At this time
 there are no customers providing any revenue.




 however
 due to funding issues
 this initiative has been placed on hold for the near term.






 we produce our microbial mixture using third party laboratory facilities. We are producing ZIVO algae at three contract growers in India. We have Letters of Intent to produce our ZIVO Algae in China and Peru upon in-country Government approval to import the ZIVO Algae strain. We are actively pursuing other algae producers in other areas of the world.




 we are using third parties to manufacture our custom reader device and test panel
 which we are currently using for development purposes.









 we have secured patent and federal trademark registrations in the USPTO as described below:

U.S. Patent No. 7
807
622 issued October 5
 2010
 relates to our proprietary complex algal culture. The title of the patent is: &#8220;Composition and use of phyto-percolate for treatment of disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the potential use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. This patent was filed on November 30
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.&nbsp;

U. S. Patent No. 8
586
053 issued November 19
 2013
 relates to our proprietary algal culture. The title of the patent is: &#8220;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of Disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. The phyto-percolate is believed to contain an activity that induces the reduction of soluble and insoluble fibrin. Further
 the phyto-percolate is believed to reduce oxidative stress in the body. The patent was filed on April 20
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 8
791
060 issued July 29
 2014
 relates to our proprietary culture. Title of the patent is the same: &#8220;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto- percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further describes proteolytic activity. The patent was filed on October 4
 2010 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 9
486
005 issued November 8
 2016
 relates to our proprietary culture. Title of the patent is: &#8220;Agents and Mechanisms for Treating Hypercholesterolemia.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of treating hypercholesterolemia in mammals
 by administering an effective amount of microbial fermentation product and regulating genes involved in lipoprotein metabolism.&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 10
161
928
 issued December 25
 2018
 relates to a panel for monitoring levels of biomarkers. Title of the patient is: &#8220;Wellness Panel.&#8221; This invention relates generally to an assay having at least one inflammation monitoring test
 at least one oxidative stress monitoring test
 and at least one antioxidant activity monitoring test. A method of monitoring an individual&#8217;s health
 by collecting a sample from the individual applying the sample to an assay panel performing at least one inflammation monitoring test
 at least one oxidative stress monitoring test
 and at least one antioxidant activity monitoring test in the panel
 and determining levels of biomarkers related to inflammation
 oxidative stress
 and antioxidant activity and therefore providing information regarding the individual&#8217;s relative health and/or risk of developing one or more disease. &nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 10
166
270
 issued January 1
 2019 relates to disclosing a composition and method for effecting various cytokines and NF-KB. Title of the patent is: Composition and Method for Affecting Cytokines and NF-KB.&#8221; This invention relates generally to administering an effective amount of a phyto-percolate composition to an individual. In various exemplary embodiments
 the composition is claimed to be useful for the effective treatment of inflammation
 cancer
 and/or various infections including HIV by regulation of various interleukins
 such as IL-10 and Il-2
 and of transcription factors including NF-KB. &nbsp;


&#8221; and &#8220;WELLMETRIX.&#8221; We may have other common law rights in other trademarks
 trade names
 service marks
 and the like which will continue as long as we use those respective marks.


 and secured an ICANN domain of the same spelling in late 2017.













2
631
773







Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin
 and Serum Amyloid A

SN 14/898
091









SN 2
827
401




SN 15/330
830




15/550
749




















3
011
687














15/998
619









3
014
897







Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass

15/913
712


Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass












 its constituent components and the methodology of the test panel.








14/904
274




14/916
068


Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform

15/560
989


Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform




Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform




Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform




Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform




Smartphone Enabled Urinalysis Devise
 software and Test Platform































16/054
723


Rapid Health Assessment System
 Device
 and Method

62/667
916











 our products are subject to extensive governmental regulations.


 these laws
 regulations and other constraints exist at the federal
 state and local levels and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. The majority of these regulations directly relate to (1) the formulation
 clinical testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and storage of our products and (2) product claims and advertising
 including claims and advertising by us
 as well as claims and advertising by distributors for which we may be held responsible.







 the formulation
 testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 labeling
 promotion
 advertising
 distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 primarily the FDA and the Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;). Our activities also are regulated by various agencies of the states and localities and foreign countries in which our products are manufactured
 promoted
 distributed and sold. The FDA
 in particular
 regulates the formulation
 manufacture and labeling of conventional foods
 dietary ingredients and dietary supplements (or nutraceuticals).


 drugs
 cosmetics and medical devices in the United States. To the extent that we manufacture finished products for sale to consumers (and in certain other limited circumstances where we sell our product as an ingredient)
 FDA regulations require us to comply with current good manufacturing practice (&#8220;cGMP&#8221;) regulations for the preparation
 packing and storage of dietary supplements. This is a complex series of regulations that have posed significant compliance challenges to the supplement industry. To the extent that we supply our products as ingredients for the use in foods or nutraceuticals
 we would be required to comply with cGMP regulations for foods
 as well as the provisions of the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 which require all companies involved in the production of food and food ingredients to develop and implement a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point program.


 Drug and Cosmetic Act by recognizing &#8220;dietary supplements&#8221; as a distinct category of food and
 we believe
 is generally favorable to the dietary supplement industry. The legislation grandfathered
 with some limitations
 dietary ingredients that were on the market before October 15
 1994. A dietary supplement that contains a dietary ingredient that was not on the market before October 15
 1994 will require evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety establishing that it is reasonably expected to be safe. To the extent that we offer for sale unique
 proprietary ingredients we will be required to file with the FDA evidence supporting the conclusion that we have a &#8220;reasonable expectation&#8221; that they will be safe for human consumption when used as directed. The FDA recently published an &#8220;Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking&#8221; which the nutraceutical industry believes will substantially increase the level of evidence required to satisfy the &#8220;reasonable expectation&#8221; standard.


 truthful and non- misleading statements of nutritional support to be made in labeling
 such as statements describing general well-being from consumption of a nutraceutical ingredient or the role of a nutrient or dietary ingredient in affecting or maintaining structure or function of the body. A company making a statement of nutritional support must possess adequate substantiating scientific evidence for the statement
 disclose on the label that the FDA has not reviewed the statement and that the product is not intended to mitigate
 treat
 cure or prevent disease
 and notify the FDA of the statement within 30 days after its initial use. To the extent we produce finished product for use by consumers as nutraceuticals
 we will be required to comply with these provisions of DSHEA.




 this category of products is subject to the Nutrition
 Labeling and Education Act (&#8220;NLEA&#8221;) and regulations promulgated under the NLEA. The NLEA regulates health claims
 ingredient labeling and nutrient content claims characterizing the level of a nutrient in the product. The ingredients added to conventional foods must either be GRAS or be approved as food additives under FDA regulations.


 which exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of our product
 has for years instituted enforcement actions against companies marketing supplements for alleged false
 misleading or unsubstantiated advertising of some of their products. The FTC has specific guides for advertising claim substantiation as well as for the use of testimonials. As a general matter
 companies making health related claims for their products or ingredients are required to possess well designed human clinical studies supporting such claims at the time they are made. Enforcement actions have often resulted in consent decrees and significant monetary payments by the companies involved. In addition
 the FTC has increased its scrutiny of the use of testimonials which we have and may in the future utilize.







 we may be required to obtain an approval
 license or certification from the relevant country&#8217;s ministry of health or comparable agency. This would hold true for jurisdictions such as Canada
 the European Union
 Japan
 Australia and New Zealand. The approval process generally requires us to present each product and product ingredient to appropriate regulators for review of data supporting safety as well as substantiating any claims we may desire to make. We would also be required to comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Our failure to comply with these regulations could prevent our products from being legally offered for sale.




 also known as Proposition 65
 provides that no person in the course of doing business shall knowingly discharge or release a chemical known to the state to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity into water or into land where such chemical passes or probably will pass into any source of drinking water
 without first giving clear and reasonable warning. Among other things
 the statute covers all consumer goods (including foods) sold in the State of California. Proposition 65 allows private enforcement actions (sometimes called &#8220;bounty hunter&#8221; actions). While we intend to take appropriate steps to ensure that any of our products that we may market will be in compliance with the Act
 given the nature of this statute and the extremely low tolerance limits it establishes (well below federal requirements)
 there is a risk that we
 our contracted producer or a licensee could be found liable for the presence of miniscule amounts of a prohibited chemical in our product. Such liability could be significant.




 we will continue to produce research-only feedstock for chemical analysis
 safety studies and efficacy studies compliant with applicable state and federal regulations. However
 we will rely on our research partners to conduct their respective R&amp;D programs in a manner compliant with applicable regulation and law. Once a product concept has been fully developed
 we intend to manufacture that product
 either internally or on a contract basis. We intend to adhere to all state and federal food safety and food manufacturing regulations for applicable product categories
 and to produce our algal biomass in compliance with standards set forth in our GRAS dossier. In either case
 we intend to adhere to all state and federal regulations relative to the safety and efficacy of the product application
 as well as relevant regulations covering the safe and consistent manufacture of that product.




 we affirmed GRAS status for use as a plant-based ingredient for human consumption. We are in the process of affirming poultry GRAS status and expect that approval in mid-2019. We have completed a number of studies relating to the poultry production that supports good animal nutrition. These studies are being performed in conjunction with our licensing partner
 NutriQuest
 a global innovator in animal nutrition. 




 which have advised us as to the most time and cost-efficient path to classification and approvals. This activity will be reactivated upon availability of additional funding.








 beginning in 2004. In spring of 2009
 we undertook a research and development process with a view to fractioning the existing product into much smaller
 concentrated groups of molecules with similar physical properties. These groups were then tested 





 we continue to develop our research programs internally and direct outside academic researchers
 private laboratories or contract research organizations to conduct experiments
 tests and studies on our behalf. We spent approximately $2
815
000 for the year ended December 31
 2018 on research and development
 as compared to $2
381
000 in 2017. The resources were spent on external research
 mainly to independent facilities involved in the analysis and validation of our bioactive compounds in various applications and animal models. To date
 all of these amounts have been directly expensed as they have been incurred.


 the Company moved forward with the following R&amp;D initiatives

by other researchers in the fall of 2016. The pre-pilot and pilot arms of this study have been completed. The primary arm of the study was delayed in 2018 due to inconsistencies in the testing sample
 availability of research facilities
 and delays in the analytical process. The primary study arm or a portion thereof is expected to commence in Q1 2019. The analytical work that must occur in tandem required the addition of new research resources in order to complete such work in a timely manner.&nbsp;

A study utilizing cadaver cartilage and joint tissue at the Comparative Orthopaedics Laboratory located at the University of Missouri showed positive early results for protective effects in canine joint health
 using our natural bioactive compounds. The study will be repeated and expanded when capital funding is made available.&nbsp;

A canine whole blood experiment was conducted at an international contract research organization to study the effects of our natural bioactive compounds on inflammatory cytokines and chemokines present in blood to assess whether a systemic or localized mechanism of action can be determined. Although the results trended in a positive direction
 Company principals determined that a more definitive 

The ongoing elucidation and characterization of the natural bioactive compounds had undergone a data integrity review in early 2014. Further work to develop a more comprehensive understanding of the bioactives had been placed on hold since spring of 2014 pending available funding. In mid-March 2016
 the Company re-activated the elucidation and characterization as funding became available. The Center for Complex Carbohydrate Research at the University of Georgia was tasked with sample purification and preliminary analysis. Other laboratories were contracted to conduct bioassays to validate the bioactivity of the purified and isolated samples
 with work ongoing at the close of 2018.&nbsp;

Beginning in spring 2017
 we contracted with the National Center for Natural Products Research at the University of Mississippi
 the Boston Institute of Biotechnology
 the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center
 Elicityl SA
 SBH Biosciences and other research facilities to accelerate the elucidation and characterization of the bioactive compounds present in the algal biomass
 validation conducted for treatment of bovine mastitis
 and present this body of work to Zoetis and effectively start the clock on the 90-day evaluation period. Such work resulted in the characterization of numerous bioactive compounds
 which requires additional screening and validation to separate bioactives pertinent to bovine mastitis from those pertinent to other human and animal models. &nbsp;

Beginning in fall 2016
 we commenced a significant number of tests to determine the nutritional composition of the algal biomass
 its toxicity
 genetic mutagenicity
 bacterial count and other safety measures for successive batches of biomass produced at AzCATI and other producers to establish consistent production and repeatability in anticipation of GRAS approvals. These tests form the basis for safety and stability claims as part of the requirement to meet GRAS standards applicable to both human and poultry uses.&nbsp;

As mentioned previously
 2018 saw an increase in R&amp;D spending and the active recruitment of algae growers in India and China
 as well as other parts of the world. We engaged an outside consultant to advise us on outsourcing algae production and hired an experienced supply chain and operations manager to develop our internal and external organizational structures to support a global supply chain in anticipation of a market launch in early 2019 pending availability of biomass from contracted growers In addition
 we worked closely with our animal feed partner NutriQuest to conduct initial trials and analyses of a potential poultry feed ingredient
 with good results. The FDA compliance effort for a poultry feed ingredient is still underway and is expected to dovetail with product availability in mid-2019.&nbsp;





 but also testing the method of isolation and then validating that the isolated molecules retain their bioactivity across a select range of human and animal cell lines
studies. We must ensure that this does not occur occasionally
 it is required for every production process
 every safety validation process and every intended application
 such as a canine dietary supplement that is mixed with food
 as opposed to a canine dietary supplement that is administered in the form of a chewable caplet.



 as we enter production scale-up
 we are required to provide cGMP protocols and Quality Assurance (&#8220;QA&#8221;) protocols that show we can produce the algal biomass and/or the active ingredients safely
 consistently and in defined quantities
 and therefore rely on these same experiments and methods to substantiate our quality claims. These datasets form the basis for establishing the value of a license agreement. Therefore
 every single license that we hope to issue requires its own data set and safety validation for the specific application being licensed. These datasets represent the core of the intellectual property that is being licensed.




 the method was not commercially viable
 and the Company has expended considerable resources to develop a single-species
 high-volume and commercially viable production methodology.


 resulting in the creation of a product platform strategy whereby four different forms could be developed for future marketing across several categories and applications:

the raw algae biomass
 which would naturally contain various nutritional and beneficial compounds; &nbsp;





 we contracted with several experts in the field to coordinate isolation of the different organisms present in the culture
 grow each of them separately and then subject them to the same life-cycle stressors as the original culture. The stated goal was to grow algae in bulk as a direct source of micro-nutrition and feed ingredient for production animals
 namely poultry
 beef cattle and dairy cows
 as well as companion animal dietary supplementation. The production capability would be licensed or contracted to others. Per the business model
 we have no intention of fielding a finished product
 but rather coordinating licensees and entering into supply agreements with larger
 better-financed brand names or licensing directly with such brand names. There can be no assurance that commercially viable products will be developed
 or that they can be successfully and profitably manufactured and marketed.


 our contracted researchers were able to successfully isolate one or more algal species
 scale up the production/output of the isolated species and still retain some of the key
 desirable bioactive properties associated with the earlier
 complex culture. Proof of concept growing techniques
 including both pond and bioreactor modes
 showed that our target algal specie can be grown in commercially viable quantities
 and the harvest time was compressed from several weeks to several days&#8217; time. We are uncertain if we can grow biomass in sufficient tonnage for livestock feed
 but we believe that the current production methods will allow us to satisfy demand for a more refined product introduced into animal feed and into human supplements as global production capacity ramps up.


 we updated Standard Operating Procedures (&#8220;SOPs&#8221;) in order to draft contractual terms with contract growers domestically and abroad. The SOPs form the basis for current Good Manufacturing Practice (&#8220;cGMP&#8221;) protocols to which contract growers and processors must adhere as part of the FDA&#8217;s updated Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 requirements
 regardless of country of origin. We conducted experiments in post-processing
 such as spray-drying centrifugal water extraction and other techniques to better understand feed and food handling requirements. We contracted the Burdock Group of Orlando
 Florida in summer of 2016 to manage the compliance process on our behalf and we affirmed GRAS self-affirmation in November 2018.







&#8221; as it relates to autoimmune and anti-inflammatory response. These are very broad categories and work is still required to fully describe the 3D structure of such compounds to fully realize their potential licensing value. One approach among several we&#8217;ve taken is to create synthetic homologs
 and from them deduce the composition and 3D structure of the naturally bioactive compounds. 


 we estimate that we will
 in fiscal 2019
 be required to expend in excess of $5
000
000 on research and subsequent product development and manufacturing in order to complete the initiatives discussed herein. In addition to the activity in 2019
 we plan to continue our research and development efforts as well as manufacturing in 2019 and beyond. These expenditures will need to be met from external funding sources as well as revenues we intend to receive. In the past
 we have had difficulty raising funds from external sources. Thus
 we may not be able to raise the funding required to continue our research and development activities. In the event that these sources are not available or adequate to meet our research needs
 we will be unable to pursue our research activities
 in which case our ability to substantiate the accumulated intellectual property with objective clinical support for its characterization
 method of action and efficacy will continue to be impeded
 thereby severely hindering our ability to generate licensing revenue (or otherwise commercialize our products) and adversely affect our operating results.


 we will continue our current research program with our research partners
 we will expand our investigations to include various experts and consultants on an as-needed basis and explore new product concepts and applications. Our current contracts with our research partners cover the following activities:

Ongoing isolation and characterization of individual natural molecules from various production formats in sufficient quantities for downstream analyses
 experiments
 standards development
 compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols
 whether as the basis for feed or food applications
 as a lead compound for a synthetic therapeutic
 or as a medical food or botanical drug&nbsp;

to substantiate efficacy and safety for each specific application or claim
 i.e.
 bovine mastitis
 poultry nutrition
 health
 canine osteoarthritis
 canine joint health
 porcine respiratory/reproductive syndrome
 etc.
 to boost value for each specific license or market vertical&nbsp;

Synthetic development/validation of individual molecules to boost value of licenses
 likely to be conducted by others
 either as licensees or joint ventures&nbsp;

 for standards development
 FDA safety compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols&nbsp;

Product development initiatives such as the joint development project with NutriQuest to develop a successful poultry feed ingredient; the project with NutriChipz to develop products in the functional food market; the project with Dr. Steven K. Grekin to develop skin health with other partners
 to develop a protein enhancement ingredient for vegan drinks and smoothies as well as a human dietary supplement formulation&nbsp;








 programmatic applications of its testing and reporting platform. We are interested in supporting the intervention by wellness consultants or medical professionals in the lifestyle choices made by individuals covered by traditional health insurance plans
 retiree medical benefits pools
 employer-sponsored health initiatives and taxpayer-sponsored programs like Medicaid and the ACA (Affordable Care Act) or its proposed replacement. These interventions
 which are typically pre-clinical
 have been shown to be successful in delaying the onset of chronic diseases such as diabetes or cardiovascular problems. We believe that targeting asymptomatic individuals and focusing intervention efforts on these individuals may have a positive result for wellness programs
 and potentially lower premiums and health claims.





 the WellMetrix product platform required additional prototype analyzers and additional dry chemistry reagent strips and cartridges to conduct pilot programs for potential customers
 and to use the results of these pilot programs to help normalize data for the dry chemistry reagents as part of the FDA submission package.


 primarily focused on those individuals who purchase dietary supplements
 join health clubs or are otherwise actively pursuing a healthy lifestyle. Since that time
 we have redeveloped the sample collection device
 the analyzer and the mobile software application to better serve the needs of the consumer
 rather than a workplace wellness provider. In 2018
 we completed CAD design of all key components
 conducted finite element analysis of the sample collection device to make sure that it functioned as intended and prepared CAD files for low-volume tooling of key components. We did not have the financial or scientific resources to complete all aspects of the testing assay
 which requires additional development before it is ready for production
 or the mobile software application
 pending available funding. 






 in all material respects
 in compliance with local
 state
 and federal environmental laws applicable to our production and waste disposal. The cost of this compliance activity to date has not been material
 and has been absorbed within our general operations overhead.




 2018
 we had four full-time employees
 positioned in executive management. In addition
 we have a part-time person acting on a consulting basis as our Director
 Research &amp; Development. We believe that our employee relations are good. No employee is represented by a union.




 quarterly and current reports
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our filings with the SEC can be viewed at www.sec.gov.





Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on our consolidated financial statements which states that the consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficit and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations and sustain our operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Unless and until we realize licensing and royalty revenues sufficient to cover our expenses
 we will be reliant upon external sources to fund our continued operations. There is no guarantee that this funding will continue. If we are unable to raise additional funds
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

As of December 31
 2018
 we had 180
036
435 shares outstanding. We also had contractual commitments to issue 424
482
554 additional shares as of December 31
 2018
 consisting of 232
333
598 common shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 192
148
956 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants. This totals a potential 604
518
989 shares outstanding if all debentures were converted and warrants exercised. In order to increase the authorized shares to a higher number
 we would need to amend our articles of incorporation
 which would require stockholder approval. There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain the stockholder approval necessary to amend our articles of incorporation to increase our authorized shares.




We do not have resources to pursue the development
 manufacturing and marketing of products on our own
 and we will need to rely on third parties for some of these activities. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully establish strategic partnerships.

The ability to market our product is dependent upon the completion of proven
 clinical research. 
 there is no guarantee that the research will successfully achieve this goal. If our current research does not return the results we expect
 our business prospects will be materially and adversely affected.

Nutraceutical and animal supplement products
 although not subject to FDA approval
 must follow strict guidelines in terms of production and advertising claims. Our ability to produce and successfully market our products is dependent upon adhering to these requirements. If we fail to comply with applicable government regulations concerning the production and marketing of our product
 we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have a history of losses
 we expect to continue to incur losses and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 if and when we do become profitable
 we will sustain profitability. If we are ultimately unable to generate sufficient revenue to meet our financial targets
 become profitable and have sustainable positive cash flows
 investors could lose their investment.

We compete with a wide range of established companies in a variety of different markets
 all of whom have substantially greater name recognition and resources than we do. We face or will face other specialized competitors if we are able to expand into new vertical markets. These competitors may be more efficient and successful than we are. If we fail to compete successfully
 our operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.

The future success of our business depends upon our ability to meet regulatory requirements for the sale of our products. Increased enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any laws
 regulations
 or changes that may be adopted or implemented in the future
 could limit our ability to market our products.

Our success depends in part upon the continued service of our senior management personnel. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In recent years
 there has been significant litigation in the U.S. and elsewhere involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement
 misappropriation or other violations of patents
 copyrights
 trademarks
 trade secrets or other intellectual property rights. These risks have been amplified by an increase in the number of third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. We could incur substantial costs in prosecuting or defending any intellectual property litigation. Additionally
 the defense or prosecution of claims could be time-consuming and could divert our management&#8217;s attention away from the execution of our business plan.




 any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from a claim could require us to pay substantial amounts or obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim
 or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain a license from the third patty asserting the claim on commercially reasonable terms
 that we would be able to develop alternative technology on a timely basis
 or that we would be able to obtain a license to use a suitable alternative technology to permit us to continue offering
 and our customers to continue using
 our affected products or technology. In addition
 we may be required to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims
 which would increase the cost to us. An adverse determination could also prevent us from offering our products or services to others. Infringement claims asserted with or without merit against us may have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.





 such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a customer and a third party
 an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our technology in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. Moreover
 such infringement claims with or without merit may harm our relationships with our existing customers and may deter others from dealing with us.

Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. While we hold one issued patent and pending patent applications covering certain elements of our technology
 these patents
 and
 more generally
 existing patent laws
 may not provide adequate protection for portions of the technology that are important to our business. In addition
 our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents.


 copyright
 trademark and trade secret laws offer us only limited protection and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent. Accordingly
 defense of our trademarks and proprietary technology may become an increasingly important issue as we seek to expand our product development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection than the U.S. Policing unauthorized use of our trademarks and technology is difficult and the steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of the trademarks or technology on which we rely. If competitors are able to use our trademarks or technology without recourse
 our ability to compete would be harmed and our business would be materially and adversely affected.


 the reduction or loss in intellectual property protection for our technology
 the diversion of our managements attention and harm to our reputation
 any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. If we do not pay cash dividends
 you could receive a return on your investment in our common stock only if the market price of our common stock has increased when you sell your shares.

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity securities. We have outstanding warrants and convertible debt that may result in substantially more outstanding shares
 which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.

We have not finished developing our products or sold any products. We have only begun test marketing. We cannot be assured that there is a sufficient market demand for our products. In addition
 while we are actively pursuing the relationships necessary to begin manufacturing and marketing the Wellness Tests
 we have not yet finalized agreements with potential business partners
 including third-party resellers
 labs or distributors of the Wellness Tests. Failure to secure these critical alliances on reasonable terms could negatively impact us
 our business and future plans.

We do not own or operate
 and currently do not plan to own or operate
 manufacturing facilities for production of tests or devices which are critical to the successful operation of the business. We plan to target manufacturers and to form alliances for the mass production of our products
 but we have no assurance that such alliances will be established. Furthermore
 once we enter into such relationships
 we may not have sufficient long-term agreements with any third-party manufacturers to ensure adequate supply and price controls. This may result in delays
 quality control issues
 additional expenses
 and failure to meet demand or other customer obligations or needs.

The success of our products is contingent upon one or more third parties manufacturing products according to design specifications. In practice
 this is difficult to enforce and guarantee. As a result
 we may never realize the expected efficiency
 quality or sensitivity of our products and
 as a result
 may be required to continue research and development with another manufacturer. If a joint venture partner or contractor fails to meet design specifications
 we will experience delays in commencing operations or delays in fulfilling orders in the future. Such delays could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.











 Michigan and 2
000 square feet in Keego Harbor
 Michigan on a month to month basis to serve as the headquarters of our company. The combined monthly rent is $4
500.














Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information


 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.

Year ended December 31
 2017

































Year ended December 31
 2018




































 2018
 we had 144 shareholders of record.


 due to our need to retain all of our cash for operations. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.




 2018
 we issued 180
000 shares of common stock valued at $18
000 in connection with $500
000 of convertible debt financings in the first quarter.


 2018
 we issued 307
692 shares of common stock valued at $36
000 in connection with $1
000
000 of convertible debt financings in the second quarter. We issued 392
310 shares in connection the conversion of debt of $30
000 and related accrued interest of $9
310. We issued 5
000
000 shares in connection the conversion of related party loans of $500
000. We issued 13
338
129 shares of common stock valued at $1
333
813.


 2018 we issued 33
750 shares of common stock valued at $5
400 in connection with $330
000 of convertible debt financings in the third quarter. We issued 3
642
800 shares in connection the conversion of debt of $300
000 and related accrued interest of $64
280. We issued 4
500
000 shares of common stock valued at $450
000. 


 2018
 we issued 35
692 shares of common stock valued at $4
997 in connection with $138
801 of convertible debt financings in the fourth quarter. We issued 11
500
000 shares of common stock valued at $1
150
000


 as amended (&#8220;the Act&#8221;) or Section 4(a)(2) under the Act
 based on the following facts: in each case
 there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of investors
 each of whom was an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Act
 as amended) and/or was (either alone or with his/her purchaser representative) sophisticated about business and financial matters
 each such investor had the opportunity to ask questions of our management and to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and all shares issued were subject to restrictions on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchasers were not underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the Act.













 we have put in place a business model in which we would derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be derived from or are initially based on the algae cultures. We expect that these planned new products will likely be sold to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) a toll on bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers. Further
 we expect to license our bioactive molecules as lead compounds or templates for synthetic variants intended for therapeutic applications.


 we are developing
 with the intention to manufacture
 market
 and sell tests
 that we believe will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks. We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:

In phase one (&#8220;Phase One&#8221;) or
 alternately named Gen 1.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize a series of tests
 which are intended to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#8220;Phase One Test&#8221;). The Phase One Test is being designed to measure biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 and antioxidant status to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and from which metabolic syndrome can be inferred. &nbsp;A patent that covers this particular combination of biomarkers was issued December 25
 2018.&nbsp;

In phase two (&#8220;Phase Two&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 1.5
 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology focused on the positive or negative metabolic effects of metabolizing fat and muscle efficiency due to changes in diet
 exertion
 hydration and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems. &nbsp;

In phase three (&#8220;Phase Three&#8221;) or alternately named Gen 2.0
 we plan to develop and commercialize additional tests intended to provide a more complete metabolic profile for an individual utilizing the metabolites present in urine. The Company believes the Gen 2.0 tests
 in aggregate
 will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time. This technology can also be applied to livestock and companion animals. As capital funding becomes available
 the Company will move forward with finalizing its transition cow syndrome test
 for which a provisional patent application has already been filed.&nbsp;


 report
 record and manage wellness and health data for large groups such as large employers
 pension funds
 accountable care organizations
 state Medicaid agencies and their actuarial consultants
 underwriters
 re-insurers and wellness consultants. The software also contains tools to conduct meta-analysis of baseline health benchmarks and monitor the progress of pre-clinical intervention programs within large groups.

Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 Sales


 2018 and 2017.




 2018 and 2017. 




 2018 and 2017. 







000 to $1
353
000 in 2018 compared to $2
128
000 in 2017. Of this $775
000 decrease
 approximately $1
090
000 related to a reduction in non-cash expenses as noted below
 leaving an increase in cash expenses of approximately $315
000. General and administrative expenses decreased in the following areas: a decrease in salaries of $861
000
 of which is $1
220
000 is due to an award in 2017 of 10 million warrants to the CEO and 6 million to the CFO (a non-cash expense)
 offset by awards of warrants to the Vice President &#8211;&nbsp;Operations valued at $121
000 (a non-cash expense)
 an increase of the value of warrants issued to the CFO of $9
000 (a non-cash expense)
 $230
000 due to the hiring of the Vice President &#8211; Operations in October 2017 (partial year salary in 2017 and full year salary in 2018)
 an increase of $75
000 in insurance expense
 an increase of $31
000 in travel expenses and an increase of $9
000 of office expenses
 offset by a reduction of depreciation of $19
000 (a non-cash expense)
 a decrease of $10
000 web-site development and public relations and a decrease in WellMetrix operating expenses of $1
000. Our increase in related cash expenses of general and administrative expenses was due to increased activity.




000 to $1
962
000 in 2018 compared to $1
821
000 in 2017. Professional fees and consulting expense increased in 2018 due to the following: an increase of $926
000 in the use of an investment banking firm and investor relations firm (of which $500
000 in the forms of stock and warrants issued for services rendered
 was a non-cash expense)
 an increase in Board of Director Fees of $217
000 (this increase was a non-cash expense in the form of 2
500
000 common stock warrants valued at $384
065 issued for services rendered)
 an increase in legal fees of $125
000 (of which $92
000 related to an increase in patent related services)
 offset by a decrease of $1
108
000 in the use of financial consultants (of the total expense of $1
208
000 in 2017 related to these activities
 $1
087
000 was a non-cash expense in the forms of stock and warrants issued for services rendered)
 a decrease in accounting fees of $17
000 and a decrease in listing and service fees of $2
000.




000 to $2
815
000 in 2018 compared to $2
381
000 in 2017 for the comparable period.


 approximately $2
798
000 and $2
294
000 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 are costs associated with external research relating to Zivo. Subject to the availability of funding
 our research and development costs will grow as we work to complete the research in the development of natural bioactive compounds for use as dietary supplements and food ingredients
 as well as biologics for medicinal and pharmaceutical applications in humans and animals. The Company&#8217;s scientific efforts are focused on the metabolic aspects of oxidation and inflammation
 with a parallel program to validate and license products for healthy immune response. The increase of $434
000 from the prior period is due to the prioritization of Zivo research and the greater availability of cash. We expect external research and development to increase in 2019 as we pursue additional external trials
 subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 which we do not currently have.


 LLC subsidiary
 we incurred approximately $17
000 and $87
000 in research and development expenses for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The R&amp;D effort to date has centered on optimizing dry chemistry
 developing lower-cost alternatives for the proprietary analyzer device
 negotiating and collaborating with offshore manufacturers and assembling the FDA pre-submission package for product classification and approval. The reduction of $70
000 from the prior period is due to prioritization of ZIVO research.




 2017
 we recorded approximately $406
000 relating to &#8220;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&#8221; relating to the March 1
 2017 restructuring of the Loan Agreements with HEP Investments
 LLC (&#8220;HEP Investments)
 a noteholder and significant stockholder of the Company
 which represented the remaining unamortized discount as of March 1
 2017. There was no related charge for the year ended December 31
 2018.


 2017 was $7
000. This amount represented a settlement of accounts payable from a vendor dispute. There was no related item for the year ended December 31
 2018.


 2018
 we recorded approximately $903
000 relating to amortization of debt discount as compared to $575
000 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 an increase $328
000. The increase is due to the funding of the convertible debt and the valuation related to the debt discount calculation. The discounts are amortized on a straight-line basis through April 1
 2019.





 2018
 we recorded approximately $97
000 in finance costs as compared to $216
000 in 2017. The decrease of $119
000 was due to a decrease in convertible debt funding in 2018 as compared with 2017.


 2018
 we recorded approximately $311
000 in finance costs paid in stock and warrants as compared to $144
000 in 2017. The increase of $167
000 was due to an increase of $246
000 related to a warrant charge in 2018 for extending the maturity date of the convertible debt due to HEP Investments to April 1
 2019
 offset by a decrease in convertible debt funding in 2018 as compared to 2017.


 2018
 we recorded approximately $7
194
000 in interest expense as compared to $2
374
000 in 2017
 an increase of $4
820
000. Included in interest expense is the amortization of debt issuance costs of approximately $5
093
000 and $690
000
 respectively. The increase of $4
403
000 is due primarily to additional funding received in 2018 which incurred finance costs of approximately $2
296
000 which are amortized on a straight-line basis through April 1
 2019. Interest expense of approximately $2
101
000 for the year ended December 31
 2018 as compared to $1
684
000 for the year ended December 31
 2017 increased by $417
000 due to the increased indebtedness carried by the Company incurred in 2018 as compared to 2017.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the reasons discussed herein
 there is a significant risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 you would likely suffer a total loss of your investment in our company.


 2019
 we had cash in the bank of $35
000. We have incurred significant net losses since inception
 including a net loss of approximately $14
635
000 during the year ended December 31
 2018. We have
 since inception
 consistently incurred negative cash flow from operations. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 we incurred negative cash flows from operations of approximately $5
007
000. As of December 31
 2018
 we had a working capital deficiency of $22
282
117 and a stockholders&#8217; deficiency of $22
282
117. Although we recently raised a limited amount of capital
 we have a near term need for significant additional capital. &nbsp;These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 2018
 our operating activities used approximately $5
007
000 in cash
 compared with $4
243
000 in cash during the comparable prior period. The approximate $764
000 increase in cash used by our operating activities was due primarily to the following (all of which are approximated): a $4
597
000 increase in net loss
 partially offset by a $3
833
000 reduction in cash expense.


 2018 and 2017
 there were no investing activities.


 2018 and 2017
 our financing activities generated $5
078
000 and $4
053
000 in cash
 respectively. The difference of $1
025
000 was primarily related to a net increase of proceeds of $3
434
000 from issuance of common stock
 a decrease of $2
031
000 from issuance of convertible debentures (with loans payable converted into convertible debentures)
 a decrease of $366
000 in net loans from related parties and a decrease in deferred finance costs of $12
000.



000
000. Through May 2018
 we amended this agreement to provide for funding up to $20
000
000. As of the date of this filing
 HEP Investments had advanced a total of approximately $18.4 million pursuant to this arrangement. HEP Investments&#8217;s convertible notes are secured by all our assets.


 we continue to experience a shortage of capital
 which is materially and adversely affecting our ability to run our business. As noted above
 we have been largely dependent upon external sources for funding. We have in the past had difficulty in raising capital from external sources. We are still heavily reliant upon external financing for the continuation of our research and development program.


000
000 in cash over the next 12 months in order to fund our normal operations and to fund our research and development initiatives. Based on this cash requirement
 we have a near term need for additional funding. Historically
 we have had substantial difficulty raising funds from external sources; however
 we recently were able to raise a limited amount of capital from outside sources. If we are unable to raise the required capital
 we will be forced to curtail our business operations
 including our research and development activities.







 anticipated income streams will be generated from the following:

For ZIVO
 (i) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 isolated natural compounds and synthetic variants thereof
 and (ii) bulk sales of such ingredients;&nbsp;

For WellMetrix
 the (i) sale of wellness tests and data services related to medical records management and (ii) analysis/compilation of data gathered on behalf of payers. For insurers
 the primary selling season is November through April of any given year.&nbsp;


















 the Reports thereon
 and the Notes thereto
 commencing on page F-1 of this report
 which Consolidated Financial Statements
 Reports
 Notes and data are incorporated herein by reference.







Based on their evaluation as of December 31
 2018
 our Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and instructions for Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.&nbsp;

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018. In making this assessment
. Based on our assessment of those criteria
 management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018.&nbsp;






This Management&#8217;s report is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Actor otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 unless we specifically state in a future filing that such report is to be considered filed.

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the year ended December 31
 2018 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;










Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers






 directors and employees. We will upon request and without charge provide a copy of our Code of Ethics. Requests should be directed to Principal Accounting Officer
 Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320.









Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.




















 or hereby incorporated by reference into
 this Form 10-K.







 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC.


 2019






 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.





 President

 2019




 Chief Financial Officer
 Director 

 2019



 


 2019



 


 2019






 2019



 


 2019









 Inc. and Subsidiaries




 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &quot;Company&quot;) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders' deficiency
 and cash flows
 for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &quot;consolidated financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. &nbsp;As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. &nbsp;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the Company has incurred significant operating losses for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 and
 as of December 31
 2018
 has a significant working capital and stockholders&#8217; deficiency. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. &nbsp;Management&#8217;s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


WOLINETZ
 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.




 NY

 2019





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



December 31


December 31


































317
135

388
891



15
143

22
615



332
278

411
506

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET







332 
278

411 
506





















541
710

422
426



475
834

432
429

Loans Payable
 Related Parties

394
019

176
405

Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $-0- 

862
425 at December 31
 2017 and 2018
 respectively

1
490
000

17
978
215



1
649
240

3
674
148



10
000

10
000



4
560
803

22
693
623







Convertible Debenture Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of 

335
873 and $-0- at December 31
 2017 and 2018
 respectively

12
075
967





16
636
770

22
693
623















Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 and





180
036
435 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2018
 respectively

141
107

180
037



47
366
814

55
985
626



(63
812
413)

(78
447
780)



(16
304
492)

(22
282
117)



332
278

411
506










 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS









December 31


December 31




























2
127
979

1
353
319



1
820
985

1
962
333



2
381
222

2
814
991



6
330
186

6
130
643









(6
330
186)

(6
130
643)















(406
482)





7
394





(574
716)

(903
317)



(216
000)

(96
595)



(144
000)

(310
892)



(2
122
018)

(7
060
383)



(252
366)

(133
537)









(3
708
188)

(8
504
724)









(10
038
374)

(14
635
367)



























139
243
126

156
678
765










 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


 2017 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2018
































Balance
 January 1
 2017
136
745
347

136
745

40
016
059

(53
774
039)

(13
621
235)






166
668



166
668






1
086
120



1
086
120






1
234
991



1
234
991


1
875
000

1
875

129
375



131
250


250
000



22
250



22
500


300
000



29
700



30
000






264
826



264
826






4
274
761



4
274
761


1
935
714

1
937

142
064



144
001








(10
038
374)

(10
038
374)












Balance
 December 31
 2017
141
106
061

141
107

47
366
814

(63
812
413)

(16
304
492)






384
065



384
065






822
001



822
001






187
247



187
247


34
338
130

34
338

3
399
477



3
433
815


4
035
110

4
035

399
476



403
511






819
854



819
854






2
542
852



2
542
852


557
134



63
840



64
397








(14
635
367)

(14
635
367)












Balance
 December 31
 2018 
180
036
435

180
037

55
985
626

(78
447
780)

(22
282
117)










 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS









December 31


December 31
















(10
038
374)

(14
635
367)









1
217
369

822
001



1
234
992

187
247



166
668

384
065



406
482





144
000

310
894



690
079

5
093
001



574
716

903
317



18
750











(1
705)

(7
473)



(124
656)

(119
285)



156
600

(43
405)



1
312
188

2
098
419



(4
242
891)

(5
006
586)































Proceeds from (payments of) loans payable
 related parties

148
040

(217
614)



(95
000)

(106
658)



4
000
000

1
968
801





3
433
813



4
053
040

5
078
342




(189
851)

71
756



506
986

317
135



317
135

388
891








































 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (

Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: For the Year Ended December 31
 2018:


 2018
 the Company recorded $43
520 of discounts on the issuance of $500
000 of 11% convertible debentures.


 2018
 the Company recorded $576
396 of discounts on the issuance of $1
000
000 of 11% convertible debentures.


 2018
 $30
000 of 11% Convertible Notes &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party as well as $9
231 in related accrued interest were converted at $.10 per share into 392
310 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


 2018
 warrants to purchase 30
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $.10 valued at $3
592
949 were issued. Of the $3
592
949 in costs
 $2
039
448
 representing the amount attributable to the sale of common stock
 were recorded as a reduction to Additional Paid in Capital and $1
553
501
 representing the amount attributable to the issuance of 11% convertible debentures
 were recorded as Debt Issuance Costs.


 2018
 the Company recorded $134
499 of discounts on the issuance of $330
000 of 11% convertible debentures.


 2018
 $300
000 of 11% Convertible Notes as well as $64
280 in related accrued interest were converted at $.10 per share into 3
642
800 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. 


 2018
 warrants to purchase 25
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $.10 valued at $3
377
387 were issued. Of the $3
 377
387 in costs
 $2
585
725
 representing the amount attributable to the sale of common stock
 were recorded as a reduction to Additional Paid in Capital and $791
662
 representing the amount attributable to the issuance of 11% convertible debentures
 were recorded as Debt Issuance Costs.


 2018
 the Company recorded $65
439 of discounts on the issuance of $138
801 of 11% convertible debentures.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2017:


 2017
 the Company recorded $70
388 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2017
 the Company recorded a $600
000 debt discount for a restructuring fee related to the debt extinguishment.


 2017
 the Company reclassified $2
694
639 in Accrued Interest to 11% Convertible Debentures owed to a related party.


 2017
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of its common stock valued at $22
500 for settlement of litigation (see Note 12 &#8211;&nbsp;Settlement of Litigation &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party).


 2017
 the Company recorded $155
065 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2017
 a related party
 11% Noteholder converted $30
000 of convertible debt into 300
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock


 2017
 the Company recorded $39
373 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.







 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC (fka WellMetris
 LLC)
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks.






635
367 and $10
038
374 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $22
282
117 and a stockholders&#8217; deficiency of $22
282
117 at December 31
 2018. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&#8217;s existing shareholders.




 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.


 2018
 the Company received proceeds of $1
968
801 from the issuance of 11% convertible debt and $3
433
813 from the issuance of Common Stock.






 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.




 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.




 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2018
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






 generally five to seven years. Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred.




093
001 and $690
079 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense &#8211;&nbsp;Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs in the amounts of $1
187
817 and $3
877
801 are netted against Convertible Notes Payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in these financial statements as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
 when we recognize revenue as a reduction to both accounts receivable and net revenue.




 2018 and 2017 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.




 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
814
991 and $2
381
222 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.






 2018 and 2017 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards is subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#8220;change in ownership&#8221; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.


 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &#8211;&nbsp;Income Taxes).





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#8217;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. Issuances of common stock are valued at the closing market price on the date of issuance and the fair value of any stock option or warrant awards is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.


 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
393
313 and $2
487
779 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 respectively.































 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#8217;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#8217;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the warrants.




 2018
 consisted of 232
333
598 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 192
148
956 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2017
 consisted of 196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754 common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2018 and 2017
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.








000 at times during the year.









 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
&#8221; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#8220;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#8221; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. Historically the Company has had no revenues. 


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. We currently expect to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2019. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available. We intend to elect the available practical expedients upon adoption. Upon adoption
 we expect the consolidated balance sheet to include a right of use asset and liability related to substantially all of our lease arrangements. We are continuing to assess the impact of adopting the ASU on our financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures and have not yet concluded whether the effect on the consolidated financial statements will be material.


 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.




 &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&#8221; as part of its simplification initiative. The ASU changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under the ASU
 an entity presents such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs is reported as interest expense.


 the guidance in the ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Although the Company adopted ASU-2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016
 the Company discovered during the quarter ended June 30
 2018 that ASU-2015-03 was improperly implemented as it pertains to the classification of deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs) on its balance sheet.





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 2017 balance sheet as if ASU 2015-03 had been implemented properly:




December 31




December 31




December 31





















317
135



317
135



15
143



15
143



332
278



332
278

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET















Deferred Finance Costs
 net

3
877
801

(3
877
801)





4
210
079

(3
877
801)

332
278



























541
710



541
710



475
834



475
834

Loans Payable
 Related Parties

394
019



394
019

Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $-0- and $-0- at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively

1
490
000



1
490
000



1
649
240



1
649
240



10
000



10
000



4
560
803



4
560
803

















Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $458
072 and $4
335
873 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively

15
953
768

(3
877
801)

12
075
967



20
514
571

(3
877
801)

16
636
770


















Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017















141
107



141
107



47
366
814



47
366
814



(63
812
413)



(63
812
413)



(16
304
492)



(16
304
492)



4
210
079

(3
877
801)

332
278



Total Assets decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs).&nbsp;

Long Term and Total Liabilities decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs) as a direct deduction of the amount of the related convertible debt.&nbsp;

The revisions related to the implementation of ASU 2015-03 did not have an effect on any previously reported net losses
 working capital or stockholders&#8217; deficit.&nbsp;





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL




 2018 and 2017 consist of the following:



December 31


December 31










20
000

20
000



80
000

80
000



100
000

100
000



(100
000)

(100
000)










750 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




 2018 and 2017
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC
 a noteholder and significant shareholder of the Company
 cumulative balances of $432
429 and $475
834
 respectively. The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $96
595 and $216
000
 respectively.

NOTE 6 &#8211;&nbsp;LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES




 2018 and 2017
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $176
405 and $176
405
 respectively. The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $45
172 and $25
966
 respectively.

HEP Investments
 LLC


 LLC pursuant to Convertible Debt (see Note 7)
 as of January 1
 2017
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC $69
574. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company an additional $4
148
040. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC
 $4
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $217
614 as of December 31
 2017.


 2018
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company $1
751
187 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of our agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC
 $1
968
801 of these loans were converted to 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $-0- as of December 31
 2018.





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL



HEP Investments
 LLC &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party


 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (the &#8220;Lender&#8221;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through May 16
 2018: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $20
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $20
000
000 (&#8220;Note&#8221;) (of which $18
350
640 has been advanced as of December 31
 2018)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision) which expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
. and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. In addition
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#8217;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#8217;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.


 2017
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents: (i) an Eighth Amendment to the Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on January 7
 2016. The Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. The Company
 as consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to change the conversion price of the $12
441
839 Convertible Promissory Note from conversion prices ranging from $.10 to $.30 per share to $.10 per share. The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 was $12
721
839. The amount includes unpaid principal of $9
147
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
694
639 and restructuring and legal fees of $600
000. The Company recorded a debt discount of $600
000 related to the restructuring of the $12
441
839
 11% convertible note on March 1
 2017. The stated rate of the new debt was unchanged from the previous debt agreement and the estimated fair value of the new debt approximates its carrying amount (principal plus accrued interest at the date of the modification). In accordance with FASB ASC 470-60 &#8220;Debt-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors
&#8221; the Company recorded a &#8220;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&#8221; on March 1
 2017 of $406
482 which represented the remaining unamortized discount as of that date. 


 2017
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $4
000
000 of Notes in the amount of $264
826 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &#8220;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#8211;&nbsp;Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&#8221; as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid- in capital. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $264
826 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.08 to 176.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 2.09%. The $4
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $574
716 for the year ended December 31
 2017.


 2017
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt into 300
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (at $.10 per share).





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



HEP Investments
 LLC &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party (continued)


 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to the Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of two years on the basis of $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). This warrant is in addition to 10% warrant coverage (five-year term) provided to the Lender in connection with investments in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. The warrant was issued on November 20
 2017 as the related funding was complete. The warrant has a cashless exercise provision. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%.


 2017 (&#8220;Funding Agreement&#8221;) between the Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP (&#8220;Participant&#8221;)
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million (&#8220;the committed funding&#8221;)
 through the Lender&#8217;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &#8220;Right of First Refusal&#8221; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&#8220;Right of Participation&#8221;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender that upon the funding of the Participant&#8217;s $1.5 million by November 20
 2017
 the Lender would allocate a portion (50%) of the warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at a conversion price of $.10 issued to the Participant on the $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note as discussed above. On July 24
 2017 the Lender funded $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion `price of $.10 for a term of five years. On September 25
 2017 the Lender funded an additional $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion price of $.10 for a term of five years.


 2017 the Company
 the Lender and Participant entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (&#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;). The Company and the Lender are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement
 dated December 1
 2011 (&#8220;Original Agreement&#8221;) (filed as Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company&#8217;s 2011 Form 10-K filed on March 30
 2012). In the Funding Agreement (dated July 21
 2017) between the Lender and Participant
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million through the Lender&#8217;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10).


 2018
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents
 effective as of January 31
 2018: (i) Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on March 1
 2017 and disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on March 6
 2017. The Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note extends the maturity date for all convertible debt due to HEP Investments to April 1
 2019
 including the payment of any interest due and owing at that time. In consideration for extending the maturity date of the Loan to April 1
 2019 in accordance with the Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 3
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $246
496 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.81%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.41%. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#8220;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#8221;




 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



HEP Investments
 LLC &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party (continued)


 2018
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to the Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years on the basis of $4 million funding through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments. This warrant is in addition to 10% warrant coverage (five-year term) provided to the Lender in connection with investments in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. A warrant for 25 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years was issued on June 6
 2018 as $2 million of the related $4 million funding was complete. A portion of the warrant has a cashless exercise provision. The related issued warrants were valued at $3
116
485 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. The Company recorded $2
039
448 of these costs
 which represents the amount attributable to the sale of common stock
 as a reduction to additional paid-in-capital and $1
077
037 was recorded as a Debt Issuance Cost on the Company&#8217;s Balance Sheet as a direct deduction of 11% convertible notes payable. 


 2018
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt and $9
231 of accrued interest into 392
310 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (at $.10 per share).


 2018
 the Company and the Lender
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of May 16
 2018: (i) Tenth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $20
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) an Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Tenth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on January 31
 2018 and disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on May 18
 2018. The Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note increased amount that the Lender can advance to $20
000
000. In consideration for increasing the advance amount to $20
000
000 in accordance with the Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $476
464 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.80%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.94%. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#8220;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#8221;


 2018 the Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP and Strome Alpha Fund LP (&#8220;Participant&#8221;) entered into the First Amended and Restated Participation Agreement (amending the June 17
 2017 agreement) whereby the Participant agreed to fund a total of $691
187 (&#8220;the committed funding&#8221;)
 through the Lender&#8217;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &#8220;Right of First Refusal&#8221; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&#8220;Right of Participation&#8221;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender and the Company
 that upon the funding of the Participant&#8217;s full $2 million ($1
308
813 though the purchase of common stock from the Company and $691
187 through the purchase of HEP Investments&#8217; 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10))
 a warrant for 25 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years would be allocated from the warrant for 50 million shares of common stock authorized in the April 30
 2018 Board of Directors Resolution. The total funding of $2 million was achieved on June 6
 2018.


 2018
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $1
968
801 of Notes in the amount of $819
854 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &#8220;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#8211;&nbsp;Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&#8221; (ASC 470-20) as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. In accordance with ASC 470-20
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $613
758 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $206
096 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $206
096 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.59 to 180.14%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09% to 3.04% The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts were $903
317 for the year ended December 31
 2018.




 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



HEP Investments
 LLC &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party (continued)


 2018
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $18
350
640 of convertible debt and the related accrued interest of $3
239
144
 would be 215
897
843 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock. 


 consisting of 5.4% in cash and 3.6% paid in shares of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price. In one instance
 the Lender has agreed to a reduced closing fee based on the involvement of the Investment Banker (Note 9 &#8211;&nbsp;Commitments and Contingencies: Investment Banking
 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement).

Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt


 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). The agreement provided that Paulson could provide up to $2 million in financings through &#8220;accredited investors&#8221; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#8220;New Lenders&#8221;). Each loan included a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#8220;New Lenders Notes&#8221;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
basis. The loans have a two-year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson received a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $.10 per share. 


 2018
 one New Lender converted $300
000 of the debt and $64
280 of accrued interest into 3
642
800 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (at $.10 per share).


 2018
 certain of the New Lender Notes were past due
 although the Company did not receive a notice of default or demand for payment from the Noteholders. The default interest rate is 16% per annum. The Company is in discussions through intermediaries with the remaining six (6) New Lenders to determine their intentions.




 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30-day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#8220;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#8221;





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS







December 31


December 31














1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2019

240
000

240
000

11% Convertible note payable &#8211;&nbsp;HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $1
562
425 and $4
335
873
 respectively
 due April 1
 2019 (September 30
 2018 at December 31
 2017)

16
788
215

12
075
967

11% Convertible note payable &#8211;&nbsp;New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019

950
000

1
250
000



17
978
215

13
565
967



17
978
215

1
490
000





12
075
967




 2018
 the reductions to Notes Payable of $1
562
425 consisted of
 unamortized discounts of $374
608 and debt issuance costs of $1
187
817. As of December 31
 2017
 the reductions of Notes Payable of $4
335
873 consisted of unamortized discounts of $458
072 and debt issuance costs of $3
877
801.


317 and $574
716 for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.






 2017
 the shareholders of the Company voted for approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 450
000
000 shares to 700
000
000 shares. The Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation have been filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada.




 2017
 the board of directors granted to each of its Directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.07 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $166
668 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.71%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served. 


 2018
 the board of directors granted to each of its five (5) Directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.14 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The 2
500

065 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 178.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.96%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


065 and $206
668 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 representing the cash fees and the value of the vested warrants described above.




 2017
 the Company entered into a Limited License Agreement (&#8220;License Agreement&#8221;) with NutriQuest
 LLC (&#8220;NutriQuest&#8221;)
 as disclosed in a Form 8-K filed on April 26
 2017. Pursuant to the License Agreement
 the Company issued NutriQuest warrants to purchase 687
227 shares of common stock valued at $39
189 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.75%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.78%. The warrants are exercisable at $.08 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. The License Agreement provides that the Company is obligated to pay a termination fee to NutriQuest if the parties are unable to agree upon quality and volume delivered standards.





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 67
600
000 shares of common stock. In the first quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $33
148 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.87%. In the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 16
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.06 to $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $923
430 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61% to 175.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 1.79%. Also
 in the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an at an exercise price of $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a research consultant. The warrants were valued at $16
667 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63%. During the quarter ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 50
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2.5 million through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Also
 in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 600
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $57
212 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.11%.


 2018
 pursuant to Board of Directors authorization
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 56
334
081 shares of common stock. In the first quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 2
326
504 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $245
040 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%. In the second quarter
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 25
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2 million through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Further
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to a consultant (Executive Director of Asia Operations &#8211;&nbsp;see Note 10 &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party Transactions). The warrants were valued at $163
798 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. In the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 25
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2 million through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $3
377
387 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 179.73%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%. Also in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
007
577 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.13 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $374
511 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.13%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%.




 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $4
000
000 in principal of 11% Convertible Debenture the Company issued to HEP Investments 1
935
714 shares of common stock valued at $144
000 and a five-year warrant to purchase 4
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The Company also issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $22
500 as discussed in Note 10 - Settlement of Litigation &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party. 


 2018
 in connection with the issuance of $1
968
800 in principal of 11% Convertible Debenture the Company issued to HEP Investments 552
672 shares of common stock valued at $64
397 and various five-year warrant(s) to purchase 1
543
801 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share (see Note 7 &#8211;&nbsp;Convertible Debt). In addition
 the Company received proceeds of $3
433
813 from the issuance of 34
338
129 shares of common stock.





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest.


 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
317 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. On May 12
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
283 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.74%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. On August 11
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.06. The warrants were valued at $2
863 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.74%. On October 19
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
290 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.98%.


 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.11. The warrants were valued at $5
255 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%. On April 23
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. The warrants were valued at $4
762 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.51%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.83%. On August 14
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.12. The warrants were valued at $5
737 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.70%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. On November 14
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.14. The warrants were valued at $7
695 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.26%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.95%.


 2017
 the board of directors granted to Andrew Dahl
 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $762
649 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%.



 2017
 the board of directors granted to Philip Rice
 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $457
589 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%.


 2018
 the Company issued the following warrants pursuant to offers of employment with three employees: 1) to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $33
045 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.59%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.36%); 2) to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $81
897 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.04%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.81%); and 3) to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $163
798 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%). These warrants will vest one year from issuance (June 19
 2019) (the Company has recorded $87
508 as stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2018
 the remaining cost will be amortized over the course of the vesting period).





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS









December 31
 2018

December 31
 2017

























Outstanding
 beginning of year

119
301
754



32
071
901





74
377
862



88
737
227

























(1
530
660)



(1
507
374)













Outstanding
 end of period

192
148
956



119
301
754






 2018 were as follows:










































































1
250
000





1
250
000






16
050
000





16
050
000






3
000
000





3
000
000






34
612
227





34
612
227






775
000





775
000






126
747
505





126
277
642






2
550
000





2
550
000






100
000





100
000






3
007
557





3
007
557






2
600
000





2
600
000






1
356
667





1
356
667






50
000





50
000






50
000





50
000






192
148
956





191
679
093









 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011 as amended August 11
 2016. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one-year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#8217; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. Mr. Dahl is compensated as follows: he receives an annual base salary of $240
000. In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#8217;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#8217;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. Further
 as it relates to Company&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetrix
 LLC (&#8220;WellMetrix&#8221;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetrix for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetrix to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetrix at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetrix. Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetrix. As of December 31
 2018
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination.

Investment Banking
 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement


 2017 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 if the Company did not terminate the engagement prior to April 18
 2017
 it was required to issue 1
875
000 shares of its common stock. As of April 18
 2017
 the Company had not terminated the agreement and therefore became obligated to issue the aforementioned shares. The Company recorded the expense in Professional Fees and Consulting Expenses in the amount of $131
250 on its Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2017. In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be required to be obligated to pay an 8% M&amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) payable in shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (reduced by the value of the previously issued shares). &nbsp;On January 17
 2018
 this agreement expired with no additional costs to the Company.


 2018 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm (&#8220;Firm&#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 issued a warrant to purchase 2
326
504 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $245
040 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%. &nbsp;In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be obligated to pay up to an 8% M&amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) plus a warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to between 0.5% and 1.0%. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2018
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
007
132 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.13 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $374
511 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.13%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%. &nbsp;As a result of this issuance
 any further potential obligation to pay a M&amp;A transaction fee relating to warrants to purchase shares of common stock would be equal to 0.5% of the post financing fully shares outstanding at an exercise price equal to the valuation / share price of the financing (see Note 8 &#8211;&nbsp;Stockholders&#8217; Deficiency).





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






 2018
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2019 the Change in Control Agreements (the &#8220;Agreements&#8221;) with both of its executive officers. The Agreements with each of the executive officers provide that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&#8217;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior to the Change of Control or the 24 month period following the Change of Control
 then 100% of such participant&#8217;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2019
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
 the obligations of the Agreements will remain in effect until they are satisfied or have expired. (See Note 13 &#8211;&nbsp;Subsequent Events)




 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.














000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to the Executive Director of Asia Operations (a consultant). The Executive Director of Asia Operations is the spouse of the Chief Financial Officer. The Executive Director of Asia Operations is contracted on a month to month basis.










 2017 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $62
937
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2018 through 2038. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.


 2018 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $16
993
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 27% and the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $4
848
000 in 2018.













Articles of Incorporation of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 as amended



Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company
 dated July 24
 2012



Amended Articles of Incorporation dated October 16
 2014 for name change



Certificate to Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Incorporation dated November 14
 2016







Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



IP Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note and the First Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 15
 2013



Second Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 16
 2013



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 17
 2014



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Fourth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Sixth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Seventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Andrew Dahl
 the Registrant&#8217;s CEO



Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated April 21
 2017



Limited License Agreement with NutriQuest dated April 20
 2017



Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (Lender) and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP dated October 18
 2017



Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated January 31
 2018



Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated January 31
 2018



Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated May 16
 2018



Eleventh &#160;Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated May 16
 2018



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated December 31
 2018











Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended



Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

















Filed as Exhibit 3.13 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8K filed with the Commission on June 29
 2015 and incorporated herein by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 3.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10Q filed with the Commission on March 25
 2013 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 3.12 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10Q filed with the Commission on November 14
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10Q filed with the Commission on November 14
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10Q filed with the Commission on May 17
 2010 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.04 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.05 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.06 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.07 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.08 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.09 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10Q filed with the Commission on May 16
 2013 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 31
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10K filed with the Commission on March 31
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10Q filed with the Commission on August 14
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.29 to Form 10Q filed with the Commission on August 14
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.31 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on December 26
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.32 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on December 26
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.33 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on May 1
 2015 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on May 1
 2015 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.39 to Form 10Q filed with the Commission on August 12
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.40 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on October 5
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as 10.41 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on October 5
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.42 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on March 6
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.43 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on March 6
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10Q filed with the Commission on May 12
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10Q filed with the Commission on May 12
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10Q filed with the Commission on October 19
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on February 12
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on February 12
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;
Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on May 18
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.
Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on May 18
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.
Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2019 and incorporated by this reference.














 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.











Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for Officers
 Directors and Employees




 just management
 fairness
 providing a safe and healthy environment free from the fear of retribution
 and respecting the dignity due everyone. 


 reflecting all aspects of good citizenship. 






 satisfied
 and appreciated. We respect cultural diversity and recognize that the various communities in which we may do business may have different legal provisions pertaining to the workplace. As such
 we will adhere to the limitations specified by law in all of our localities
 and further
 we will not tolerate harassment or discrimination of any kind -- especially involving race
 color
 religion
 gender
 age
 national origin
 disability
 and veteran or marital status. 


 integrity
 respect
 trust
 responsibility
 and citizenship permits us the opportunity to achieve excellence in our workplace. While everyone who works for the Company must contribute to the creation and maintenance of such an environment
 our executives and management personnel assume special responsibility for fostering a work environment that is free from the fear of retribution and will bring out the best in all of us. Supervisors must be careful in words and conduct to avoid placing
 or seeming to place
 pressure on subordinates that could cause them to deviate from acceptable ethical behavior. 

Protect Yourself
 Your Fellow Employees
 and the World We Live In


 safe
 and healthy work environment
 and to observe environmentally sound business practices. We will strive
 at a minimum
 to do no harm and where possible
 to make the communities in which we work a better place to live. Each of us is responsible for compliance with environmental
 health
 and safety laws and regulations. Observe posted warnings and regulations. Report immediately to the appropriate management any accident or injury sustained on the job
 or any environmental or safety concern you may have. 








 it is a minimum
 absolutely essential condition for performance of our duties. &#160;In conducting business
 we shall:




 directors and employees must strictly adhere to all antitrust laws. &#160;Such laws exist in the United States
 the European Union
 and in many other countries where the Company may conduct business. &#160;These laws prohibit practices in restraint of trade such as price fixing and boycotting suppliers or customers. &#160;They also bar pricing intended to run a competitor out of business; disparaging
 misrepresenting
 or harassing a competitor; stealing trade secrets; bribery; and kickbacks. 








 we must always be alert to and comply with the security laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. 




 directors and employees
 directly or indirectly through their families or others
 from purchasing or selling company stock while in the possession of material
 non-public information concerning the Company. &#160;This same prohibition applies to trading in the stock of other publicly held companies on the basis of material
 non-public information. To avoid even the appearance of impropriety
 Company policy also prohibits officers
 directors and employees from trading options on the open market in Company stock under any circumstances.


 non-public information is any information that could reasonably be expected to affect the price of a stock. &#160;If an officer
 director or employee is considering buying or selling a stock because of inside information they possess
 they should assume that such information is material. It is also important for the officer
 director or employee to keep in mind that if any trade they make becomes the subject of an investigation by the government
 the trade will be viewed after-the-fact with the benefit of hindsight. Consequently
 officers
 directors and employees should always carefully consider how their trades would look from this perspective.








 Zivo Bioscience must be fair and accurate in all reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. &#160;Officers
 directors and management of Zivo Bioscience are responsible for ensuring that all reports are filed in a timely manner and that they fairly present the financial condition and operating results of the Company. 








 directors and employees have an obligation to give their complete loyalty to the best interests of the Company. &#160;They should avoid any action that may involve
 or may appear to involve
 a conflict of interest with the company. &#160;Officers
 directors and employees should not have any financial or other business relationships with suppliers
 customers or competitors that might impair
 or even appear to impair
 the independence of any judgment they may need to make on behalf of the Company. &#160;



Employment by a competitor
 or potential competitor
 regardless of the nature of the employment
 while employed by Zivo Bioscience. &nbsp;

Acceptance of gifts
 payment
 or services from those seeking to do business with Zivo Bioscience. &nbsp;

Placement of business with a firm owned or controlled by an officer
 director or employee or his/her family. &nbsp;

Ownership of
 or substantial interest in
 a company that is a competitor
 client or supplier.&nbsp;

Acting as a consultant to a Zivo Bioscience customer
 client or supplier.&nbsp;







 directors and employees are under a continuing obligation to disclose any situation that presents the possibility of a conflict or disparity of interest between the officer
 director or employee and the Company. &#160;Disclosure of any potential conflict is the key to remaining in full compliance with this policy.




 do not attempt to obtain and do not accept such information from any source. 


 you must be certain that all statements
 communications
 and representations are accurate and truthful. 




 received
 or given in exchange for the furnishing or receipt of business courtesies. &#160;Officers
 directors and employees of Zivo Bioscience will neither give nor accept business courtesies that constitute
 or could be reasonably perceived as constituting
 unfair business inducements or that would violate law
 regulation or policies of the Company
 or could cause embarrassment to or reflect negatively on the Company&#8217;s reputation. 

Maintain the Integrity of Consultants
 Agents
 and Representatives


 representatives
 or consultants must certify their willingness to comply with the Company&#8217;s policies and procedures and must never be retained to circumvent our values and principles. &#160;Paying bribes or kickbacks
 engaging in industrial espionage
 obtaining the proprietary data of a third party without authority
 or gaining inside information or influence are just a few examples of what could give us an unfair competitive advantage and could result in violations of law. 




 suppliers
 customers
 and competitors may sometimes divulge to you information that is proprietary to their business. &#160;Respect these confidences. 




 information resources
 material
 facilities
 and equipment is your responsibility. &#160;Use and maintain these assets with the utmost care and respect
 guarding against waste and abuse
 and never borrow or remove Company property without management's permission. 




 however
 that their involvement and participation must be on an individual basis
 on their own time
 and at their own expense. &#160;In the United States
 federal law prohibits corporations from donating corporate funds
 goods
 or services
 directly or indirectly
 to candidates for federal offices -- this includes employees' work time. Local and state laws also govern political contributions and activities as they apply to their respective jurisdictions
 and similar laws exist in other countries. 




 the Company&#8217;s controls and reporting procedures and the Company&#8217;s business conduct. 







 the Audit Committee shall determine whether violations of the Code have occurred and
 if so
 shall determine the disciplinary measures to be taken against any employee or agent of the Company who has so violated the Code.


 which may be invoked at the discretion of the Audit Committee
 include
 but are not limited to
 counseling
 oral or written reprimands
 warnings
 probation or suspension without pay
 demotions
 reductions in salary
 termination of employment and restitution.


 in addition to the violator
 others involved in the wrongdoing such as (i) persons who fail to use reasonable care to detect a violation
 (ii) persons who if requested to divulge information withhold material information regarding a violation
 and (iii) supervisors who approve or condone the violations or attempt to retaliate against employees or agents for reporting violations or violators.




























 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.








SUBSIDIARIES OF ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC.












HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.






ZIVO Biologic
 Inc.
 






WellMetrix
 LLC
























 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Andrew D. Dahl
 certify that:


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;&nbsp;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and&nbsp;

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and&nbsp;


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and&nbsp;

any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;


 2019

















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Philip M. Rice II certify that:


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;&nbsp;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and&nbsp;

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and&nbsp;


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and&nbsp;

any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;


 2019


















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Andrew D. Dahl
 Chief Administrative Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 


 2019







 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.
















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Philip M. Rice II
 Chief Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 


 2019







 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20181231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt


























































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20181231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.





	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC (fka WellMetris
 LLC)
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing


635
367 and $10
038
374 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $22
282
117 and a stockholders&amp;#146; deficiency of $22
282
117 at December&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;31
 2018. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;be&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;available&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;from&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;external&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;sources&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;such&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;debt&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;or&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;equity&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;financings&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;or&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;other&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;potential&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;sources.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;lack&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;additional&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;capital&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&amp;#146;s existing&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shareholders.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;accompanying&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;consolidated&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;financial&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;statements&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;do&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;not&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;include&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;any&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;adjustments&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;related&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;recoverability&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;or&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;classification&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;asset- carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company received proceeds of $1
968
801 from the issuance of 11% convertible debt and $3
433

	
	
	
	

 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2018
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Property and equipment consist of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;generally&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;five&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;seven&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;years.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Repair&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;maintenance&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;costs&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;that&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;do&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;not&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;improve&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;service&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;potential&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;or&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;extend&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;economic&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;life&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;an existing fixed asset are expensed as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs (as amended) as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Debt Issuance Costs are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related notes. Amortization of debt issuance costs amounted to $5
093
001 and $690
079 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense - Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs in the amounts of $1
187
817 and $3
877
801 are netted against Convertible Notes Payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in these financial statements as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We will recognize net product revenue when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of product ownership have transferred to our customers
 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
 when we recognize revenue as a reduction to both accounts receivable and net revenue.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company&amp;#146;s research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
814
991 and $2
381
222 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Deferred&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;tax&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;assets&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;liabilities&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;are&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;measured&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;using&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;enacted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;tax&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;rates&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;expected&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;apply&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;taxable&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;income&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;years&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2018 and 2017&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;were&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;primarily&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;attributable&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;net&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;operating&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;loss&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;carry&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;forwards.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Since&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;has&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;history&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;losses
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;it&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;more&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;likely&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;net&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;operating&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;loss&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;carry-forwards&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;subject&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;substantial&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;annual&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;limitation&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;due&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&amp;#147;change&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;ownership&amp;#148;&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provisions&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Internal&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Revenue&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Code.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;annual&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;limitation&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;may&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;result&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;expiration&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;net&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;operating&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;loss&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;carry-forwards&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;before&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;utilization.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &amp;#150; Income Taxes).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. Issuances of common stock are valued at the closing market price on the date of issuance and the fair value of any stock option or warrant awards is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During 2018 and 2017
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
393
313 and $2
487
779 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;432&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5in;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23&quot; style=&apos;width:17.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Expected volatility &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;176.10% to 180.13%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23&quot; rowspan=&quot;4&quot; style=&apos;width:17.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;175.05% to 177.58%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;2.65% to 2.96%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1.63% to 2.11%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.05pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;existing&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;models&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;may&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;not&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;necessarily&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provide&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;reliable&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;single&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;measure&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;fair&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;value&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the warrants.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;period&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;presented.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Diluted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;loss&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;per&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;share&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;based&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;on&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;treasury&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;stock&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;method&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;includes&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;effect&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;from&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;potential&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;issuance&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of common&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;stock&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;such&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;issuable&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;pursuant&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;exercise&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;warrants&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;conversions&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;debentures.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Potentially&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;dilutive&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;securities&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as of December 31
 2018
 consisted of 232
333
598 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 192
148
956 common&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;from&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;outstanding&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;warrants.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Potentially&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;dilutive&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;securities&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;December&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;31
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2017
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;consisted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2018&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2017
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;diluted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;basic&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;weighted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;average&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;were&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;same
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;potentially&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;dilutive&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;are&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred. There were no Advertising Costs during the years 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.55pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.85pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;year.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Certain items in these consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Future Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;consideration&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;which&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;entity&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;expects&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;be&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;entitled&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;exchange&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;for&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;those&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;goods&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;or&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;services.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;ASU&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2014-09&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;effective&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.55pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;not permitted.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Historically&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;has&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;had&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;no&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;revenues.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. We currently expect to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2019. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available. We intend to elect the available practical expedients upon adoption. Upon adoption
 we expect the consolidated balance sheet to include a right of use asset and liability related to substantially all of our lease arrangements. We are continuing to assess the impact of adopting the ASU on our financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures and have not yet concluded whether the effect on the consolidated financial statements will be material.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Implementation of ASU 2015-03&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 &amp;#147;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&amp;#148; as part of its simplification initiative. The ASU changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under the ASU
 an entity presents such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs is reported as interest expense.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;For public business entities
 the guidance in the ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Although the Company adopted ASU-2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016
 the Company discovered during the quarter ended June 30
 2018 that ASU-2015-03 was improperly implemented as it pertains to the classification of deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs) on its balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The balance sheet below illustrates the presentation of the December 31
 2017 balance sheet as if ASU 2015-03 had been implemented properly:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;710&quot; style=&apos;width:532.7pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Originally Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;CURRENT ASSETS:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Cash&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;317
135&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;317
135&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
143&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
143&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;OTHER ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Deferred Finance Costs
 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;3
877
801&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(A)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
210
079&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;CURRENT LIABILITIES:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accounts Payable&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;541
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;541
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Due to Related Party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;475
834&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;475
834&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Loans Payable
 Related Parties&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;394
019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;394
019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $0 and $0 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
649
240&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
649
240&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accrued Liabilities &amp;#150; Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
560
803&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
560
803&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;LONG TERM LIABILITIES:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $458
072 and $4
335
873 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
953
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(B)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;12
075
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;20
514
571&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;16
636
770&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;141
107&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;141
107&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Additional Paid-In Capital&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;47
366
814&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;47
366
814&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(63
812
413)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(63
812
413)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(16
304
492)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(16
304
492)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
210
079&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(A)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;Total Assets decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(B)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;Long Term and Total Liabilities decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs) as a direct deduction of the amount of the related convertible debt.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(C) &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;The revisions related to the implementation of ASU 2015-03 did not have an effect on any previously reported net losses


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic


 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted


 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2018


 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets


093
001 and $690
079 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense - Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs in the amounts of $1
187
817 and $3
877
801 are netted against Convertible Notes Payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in these financial statements as of December 31
 2018 and 2017

	
	

 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers




 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
814
991 and $2
381
222 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


 2018 and 2017&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;were&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;primarily&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;attributable&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;net&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;operating&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;loss&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;carry&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;forwards.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Since&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;has&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;history&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;losses
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;it&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;more&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;likely&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;net&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;operating&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;loss&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;carry-forwards&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;subject&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;substantial&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;annual&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;limitation&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;due&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&amp;#147;change&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;ownership&amp;#148;&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provisions&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Internal&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Revenue&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Code.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;annual&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;limitation&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;may&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;result&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;expiration&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;net&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;operating&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;loss&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;carry-forwards&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;before&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;utilization.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22


 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. Issuances of common stock are valued at the closing market price on the date of issuance and the fair value of any stock option or warrant awards is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During 2018 and 2017
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
393
313 and $2
487
779 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;432&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5in;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23&quot; style=&apos;width:17.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Expected volatility &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;176.10% to 180.13%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23&quot; rowspan=&quot;4&quot; style=&apos;width:17.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;175.05% to 177.58%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;125&quot; style=&apos;width:94.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;136&quot; style=&apos;width:102.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;2.65% to 2.96%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; style=&apos;width:111.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1.63% to 2.11%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.05pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2018
 consisted of 232
333
598 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 192
148
956 common&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;from&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;outstanding&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;warrants.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Potentially&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;dilutive&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;securities&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;December&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;31
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2017
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;consisted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
754&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;common shares from outstanding warrants. For 2018&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2017
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;diluted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;basic&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;weighted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;average&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;were&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;same

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;consideration&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;which&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;entity&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;expects&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;be&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;entitled&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;exchange&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;for&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;those&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;goods&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;or&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;services.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;ASU&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2014-09&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;effective&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.55pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;not permitted.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Historically&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;has&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;had&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;no&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;revenues.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. We currently expect to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2019. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available. We intend to elect the available practical expedients upon adoption. Upon adoption
 we expect the consolidated balance sheet to include a right of use asset and liability related to substantially all of our lease arrangements. We are continuing to assess the impact of adopting the ASU on our financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures and have not yet concluded whether the effect on the consolidated financial statements will be material.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective


 &amp;#147;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&amp;#148; as part of its simplification initiative. The ASU changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under the ASU
 an entity presents such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs is reported as interest expense.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;For public business entities
 the guidance in the ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Although the Company adopted ASU-2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016
 the Company discovered during the quarter ended June 30
 2018 that ASU-2015-03 was improperly implemented as it pertains to the classification of deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs) on its balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The balance sheet below illustrates the presentation of the December 31
 2017 balance sheet as if ASU 2015-03 had been implemented properly:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;710&quot; style=&apos;width:532.7pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Originally Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;CURRENT ASSETS:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Cash&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;317
135&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;317
135&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
143&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
143&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;OTHER ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Deferred Finance Costs
 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;3
877
801&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(A)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
210
079&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;CURRENT LIABILITIES:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accounts Payable&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;541
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;541
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Due to Related Party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;475
834&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;475
834&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Loans Payable
 Related Parties&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;394
019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;394
019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $0 and $0 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
649
240&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
649
240&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accrued Liabilities &amp;#150; Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
560
803&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
560
803&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;LONG TERM LIABILITIES:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $458
072 and $4
335
873 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
953
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(B)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;12
075
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;20
514
571&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;16
636
770&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;141
107&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;141
107&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Additional Paid-In Capital&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;47
366
814&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;47
366
814&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(63
812
413)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(63
812
413)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(16
304
492)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(16
304
492)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
210
079&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(A)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;Total Assets decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(B)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;Long Term and Total Liabilities decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs) as a direct deduction of the amount of the related convertible debt.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(C) &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;The revisions related to the implementation of ASU 2015-03 did not have an effect on any previously reported net losses


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:45.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;CURRENT ASSETS:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Cash&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;317
135&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;317
135&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
143&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
143&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;OTHER ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Deferred Finance Costs
 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;3
877
801&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(A)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
210
079&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;CURRENT LIABILITIES:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accounts Payable&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;541
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;541
710&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Due to Related Party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;475
834&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;475
834&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Loans Payable
 Related Parties&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;394
019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;394
019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $0 and $0 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
649
240&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
649
240&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accrued Liabilities &amp;#150; Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
560
803&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
560
803&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;LONG TERM LIABILITIES:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $458
072 and $4
335
873 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
 respectively&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;15
953
768&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(B)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;12
075
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;20
514
571&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;16
636
770&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:17.1pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9.0pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;141
107&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:26.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;141
107&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Additional Paid-In Capital&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;47
366
814&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;47
366
814&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-indent:8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(63
812
413)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(63
812
413)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Total Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(16
304
492)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(16
304
492)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;width:256.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;4
210
079&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(3
877
801)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;332
278&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(A)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;Total Assets decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(B)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;Long Term and Total Liabilities decreased in the amount of $3
877
801 as a result of the reclassification of net deferred finance costs (debt issuance costs) as a direct deduction of the amount of the related convertible debt.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:27.0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-27.0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;(C) &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-weight:normal&apos;&gt;The revisions related to the implementation of ASU 2015-03 did not have an effect on any previously reported net losses

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2018 and 2017 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;539&quot; style=&apos;width:404.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization was $0 and $18
750 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;291&quot; style=&apos;width:218.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:16.05pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;(100

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2018 and 2017
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC
 a noteholder and significant shareholder of the Company
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;cumulative balances of $432
429 and $475
834
 respectively. The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $96
595 and $216
000

	
	
	
	

 RELATED PARTIES&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Christopher Maggiore&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $176
405 and $176
405
 respectively. The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $45
172 and $25
966
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;HEP Investments
 LLC&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In addition to amounts owed to HEP Investments
 LLC pursuant to Convertible Debt (see Note 7)
 as of January 1
 2017
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC $69
574. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company an additional&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.05pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$4
148
040. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC
 $4
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $217
614 as of December 31
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2018
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company $1
751
187 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of our agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC
 $1
968
801 of these loans were converted to 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $0 as of December 31

	
	
	
	
	
	

 LLC &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (the &amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through May 16
 2018: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $20
000
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) (of which $18
350
640 has been advanced as of December 31
 2018)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;1
666
667&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;common&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;stock&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;at&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;an&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;exercise&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;price&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$.12&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;per&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;share&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;(including&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;cashless&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;exercise&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provision)&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;which&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.95pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
. and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;its&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;subsidiaries&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;granted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Lender&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;security&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;interest&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;all&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;their&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;respective&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;intellectual&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;properties
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;including&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;patents
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;order&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;secure their&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;respective&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;obligations&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Lender&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;under&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Note&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;related&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;documents.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;In&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;addition
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company&amp;#146;s&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;subsidiaries&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;have&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;guaranteed the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;management
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;without&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;prior&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;written&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;consent&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Lender.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Two&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;representatives&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Lender&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;will&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;have&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;right&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;attend&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Board of Director meetings as non-voting&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 1
 2017
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents: (i) an Eighth Amendment to the Loan Agreement under&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;which&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Lender&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;has&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;agreed&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;advance&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;up&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;total&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$17
500
000&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;subject&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;certain&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;conditions
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;(ii)&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
 2015 and disclosed in the Company&amp;#146;s&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Form&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;8-K&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Current&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Report&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;filed&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;on&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;January&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;7
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2016.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Ninth&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Amended&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Restated&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Senior&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Secured&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Convertible&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. The Company
 as consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to change the conversion price of the $12
441
839 Convertible Promissory Note from conversion prices ranging from $.10 to $.30 per share to $.10 per share. The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 was $12
721
839. The amount includes unpaid principal of $9
147
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
694
639 and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;restructuring&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;legal&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;fees&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$600
000.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;recorded&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;debt&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;discount&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$600
000&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;related&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;restructuring&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:1.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the $12
441
839
 11% convertible note on March 1
 2017. The stated rate of the new debt was unchanged from the previous debt agreement and the estimated fair value of the new debt approximates its carrying amount (principal plus accrued interest at the date of the modification). In accordance with FASB ASC 470-60 &amp;#147;Debt-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors
&amp;#148; the Company recorded a &amp;#147;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&amp;#148; on March 1
 2017 of $406
482 which represented the remaining unamortized discount as of that date. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $4
000
000 of Notes in the amount of $264
826 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &amp;#147;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&amp;#148; as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid- in capital. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $264
826 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.08 to 176.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 2.09%. The $4
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $574
716 for the year ended December 31
 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 14
 2017
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt into 300
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (at $.10 per share).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 19
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to the Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of two years on the basis of $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note (at a conversion price&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$.10).&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;This&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;warrant&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;addition&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;10%&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;warrant&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;coverage&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;(five-year&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;term)&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provided&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; the &lt;/font&gt;Lender&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;connection&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;with&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;investments&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. The warrant was issued on November 20
 2017 as the related funding was complete. The warrant has a cashless exercise&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provision. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In an agreement dated July 21
 2017 (&amp;#147;Funding Agreement&amp;#148;) between the Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP (&amp;#147;Participant&amp;#148;)
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million (&amp;#147;the committed funding&amp;#148;)
 through the Lender&amp;#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &amp;#147;Right of First Refusal&amp;#148; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&amp;#147;Right of Participation&amp;#148;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender that upon the funding of the Participant&amp;#146;s $1.5 million by November 20
 2017
 the Lender would allocate a portion (50%) of the warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at a conversion price of $.10 issued to the Participant on the $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note as discussed above. On July 24
 2017 the Lender funded $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion `price of $.10 for a term of five years. On September 25
 2017 the Lender funded an additional $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion price of $.10 for a term of five years.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On October 18
 2017 the Company
 the Lender and Participant entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (&amp;#147;Amended Agreement&amp;#148;). The Company and the Lender are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement
 dated December 1
 2011 (&amp;#147;Original Agreement&amp;#148;) (filed as Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company&amp;#146;s 2011 Form 10-K filed on March 30
 2012). In the Funding Agreement (dated July 21
 2017) between the Lender and Participant
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million through the Lender&amp;#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On January 31
 2018
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents
 effective as of January 31
 2018: (i) Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on March 1
 2017 and disclosed in the Company&amp;#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on March 6
 2017. The Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note extends the maturity date for all convertible debt due to HEP Investments to April 1
 2019
 including the payment of any interest due and owing at that time. In consideration for extending the maturity date of the Loan to April 1
 2019 in accordance with the Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 3
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $246
496 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.81%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.41%. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On April 30
 2018
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to the Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years on the basis of $4 million funding through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments. This warrant is in addition to 10% warrant coverage (five-year term) provided to the Lender in connection with investments in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. A warrant for 25 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years was issued on June 6
 2018 as $2 million of the related $4 million funding was complete. A portion of the warrant has a cashless exercise provision. The related issued warrants were valued at $3
116
485 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. The Company recorded $2
039
448 of these costs
 which represents the amount attributable to the sale of common stock
 as a reduction to additional paid-in-capital and $1
077
037 was recorded as a Debt Issuance Cost on the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheet as a direct deduction of 11% convertible notes payable. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On May 12
 2018
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt and $9
231 of accrued interest into 392
310 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (at $.10 per share).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On May 16
 2018
 the Company and the Lender
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of May 16
 2018: (i) Tenth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $20
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) an Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Tenth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on January 31
 2018 and disclosed in the Company&amp;#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on May 18
 2018. The Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note increased amount that the Lender can advance to $20
000
000. In consideration for increasing the advance amount to $20
000
000 in accordance with the Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $476
464 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.80%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.94%. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On June 6
 2018 the Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP and Strome Alpha Fund LP (&amp;#147;Participant&amp;#148;) entered into the First Amended and Restated Participation Agreement (amending the June 17
 2017 agreement) whereby the Participant agreed to fund a total of $691
187 (&amp;#147;the committed funding&amp;#148;)
 through the Lender&amp;#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &amp;#147;Right of First Refusal&amp;#148; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&amp;#147;Right of Participation&amp;#148;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender and the Company
 that upon the funding of the Participant&amp;#146;s full $2 million ($1
308
813 though the purchase of common stock from the Company and $691
187 through the purchase of HEP Investments&amp;#146; 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10))
 a warrant for 25 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years would be allocated from the warrant for 50 million shares of common stock authorized in the April 30
 2018 Board of Directors Resolution. The total funding of $2 million was achieved on June 6
 2018.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $1
968
801 of Notes in the amount of $819
854 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &amp;#147;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&amp;#148; (ASC 470-20) as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. In accordance with ASC 470-20
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $613
758 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $206
096 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $206
096 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.59 to 180.14%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09% to 3.04% The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts were $903
317 for the year ended December 31
 2018.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2018
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $18
350
640 of convertible debt and the related accrued interest of $3
239
144
 would be 215
897
843 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company has agreed to pay a closing fee of 9% in connection with the Loan transaction (as funding levels are achieved)
 consisting of 5.4% in cash and 3.6% paid in shares of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price. In one instance
 the Lender has agreed to a reduced closing fee based on the involvement of the Investment Banker (Note 9 &amp;#150; Commitments and Contingencies: Investment Banking
 M&amp;amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). The agreement&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provided&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;that&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Paulson&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;could&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provide&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;up&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$2&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;million&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;in&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;financings&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;through&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&amp;#147;accredited&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;investors&amp;#148;&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;(as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;defined&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;by&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Regulation&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;D&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &amp;#147;New Lenders&amp;#148;). Each loan included a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#147;New Lenders Notes&amp;#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (HEP) whereby HEP and the New Lenders agree to participate in all collateral a &lt;i&gt;pari passu &lt;/i&gt;basis. The loans have a two-year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson received a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $.10 per&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.35pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;share. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On September 24
 2018
 one New Lender converted $300
000 of the debt and $64
280 of accrued interest into 3
642
800 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (at $.10 per share).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;New&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Lenders&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Notes&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;are&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;convertible&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;into&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company&amp;#146;s&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;restricted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;common&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;stock&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;at&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$.10&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;per&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;share&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;bear&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;interest&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;at&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;rate&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;11% per annum. The New Lenders Notes must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note. The Company has not made the interest payment due on the first anniversary of the Note. As of December 31
 2018
 certain of the New Lender Notes were past due
 although the Company did not receive a notice of default or demand for payment from the Noteholders. The default interest rate is 16% per annum. The Company is in discussions through intermediaries with the remaining six (6) New Lenders to determine their intentions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;Other Debt&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;September&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2014
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Lender&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;1%&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;convertible&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;debentures&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;agreed&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;rolling&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;30-day&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;extensions&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;until&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;notice&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;given&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Company to the contrary. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Extinguishments.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Convertible debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;641&quot; style=&apos;width:481.0pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:8.1pt;text-indent:-8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $1
562
425 and $4
335
873
 respectively
 due April 1
 2019 (September 30
 2018 at December 31
 2017)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;16
788
215&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;12
075
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:8.1pt;text-indent:-8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;950
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;17
978
215&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;13
565
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;17
978
215&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;12
075
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2018
 the reductions to Notes Payable of $1
562
425 consisted of
 unamortized discounts of $374
608 and debt issuance costs of $1
187
817. As of December 31
 2017
 the reductions of Notes Payable of $4
335
873 consisted of unamortized discounts of $458
072 and debt issuance costs of $3
877
801.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Amortization of debt discounts was $903
317 and $574
716 for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:8.1pt;text-indent:-8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $1
562
425 and $4
335
873
 respectively
 due April 1
 2019 (September 30
 2018 at December 31
 2017)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;16
788
215&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;12
075
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;margin-left:8.1pt;text-indent:-8.1pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;950
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;17
978
215&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;13
565
967&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;17
978
215&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;1
490
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;372&quot; style=&apos;width:279.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:29.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;30&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:22.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:73.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:right;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other&apos;&gt;12
075

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2017
 the shareholders of the Company voted for approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.8pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of Incorporation
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;amended
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;increase&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;number&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;authorized&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;common&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;stock&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;from&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;450
000
000&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;700
000
000&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares. The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Certificate&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Amendment&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Articles&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Incorporation&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;have&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;been&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;filed&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;with&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Secretary&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;State&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Nevada.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Board of Directors fees&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;September&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;11
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2017
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;board&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;directors&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;granted&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;each&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;its&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Directors&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;warrants&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;purchase&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;500
000&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;shares&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;common&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;stock&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;at&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;an exercise price of $.07 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $166
668 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.71%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;served. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On September 28
 2018
 the board of directors granted to each of its five (5) Directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.14 per share. The 2
500
000 warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $384
065 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 178.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.96%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company recorded directors&amp;#146; fees of $424
065 and $206
668 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 representing the cash fees and the value of the vested warrants described above.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On April 20
 2017
 the Company entered into a Limited License Agreement (&amp;#147;License Agreement&amp;#148;) with NutriQuest
 LLC (&amp;#147;NutriQuest&amp;#148;)
 as disclosed in a Form 8-K filed on April 26
 2017. Pursuant to the License Agreement
 the Company issued NutriQuest warrants to purchase 687
227 shares of common stock valued at $39
189 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.75%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.78%. The warrants are exercisable at $.08 per share and expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. The License Agreement provides that the Company is obligated to pay a termination fee to NutriQuest if the parties are unable to agree upon quality and volume delivered standards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 67
600
000 shares of common stock. In the first quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $33
148 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.87%. In the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 16
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.06 to $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $923
430 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61% to 175.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 1.79%. Also
 in the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an at an exercise price of $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a research consultant. The warrants were valued at $16
667 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63%. During the quarter ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 50
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2.5 million through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Also
 in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 600
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $57
212 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.11%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2018
 pursuant to Board of Directors authorization
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 56
334
081 shares of common stock. In the first quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 2
326
504 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $245
040 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%. In the second quarter
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 25
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2 million through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Further
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to a consultant (Executive Director of Asia Operations &amp;#150; see Note 10 &amp;#150; Related Party Transactions). The warrants were valued at $163
798 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. In the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 25
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2 million through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $3
377
387 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 179.73%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%. Also in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
007
577 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.13 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $374
511 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.13%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Stock Issuances&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $4
000
000 in principal of 11% Convertible Debenture the Company issued to HEP Investments 1
935
714 shares of common stock valued at $144
000 and a five-year warrant to purchase 4
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The Company also issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $22
500 as discussed in Note 10 - Settlement of Litigation &amp;#150; Related Party. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2018
 in connection with the issuance of $1
968
800 in principal of 11% Convertible Debenture the Company issued to HEP Investments 552
672 shares of common stock valued at $64
397 and various five-year warrant(s) to purchase 1
543
801 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt). In addition
 the Company received proceeds of $3
433
813 from the issuance of 34
338
129 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;Executive Compensation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 31
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
317 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. On May 12
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
283 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.74%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. On August 11
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.06. The warrants were valued at $2
863 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.74%. On October 19
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
290 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.98%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On February 21
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.11. The warrants were valued at $5
255 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%. On April 23
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. The warrants were valued at $4
762 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.51%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.83%. On August 14
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.12. The warrants were valued at $5
737 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.70%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. On November 14
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.14. The warrants were valued at $7
695 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.26%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.95%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Andrew Dahl
 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $762
649 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;.99%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Philip Rice
 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $457
589 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.99%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued the following warrants pursuant to offers of employment with three employees: 1) to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $33
045 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.59%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.36%); 2) to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $81
897 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.04%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.81%); and 3) to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $163
798 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%). These warrants will vest one year from issuance (June 19
 2019) (the Company has recorded $87
508 as stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2018
 the remaining cost will be amortized over the course of the vesting period).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Common Stock Warrants&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s warrants is presented below.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;179&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:134.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;185&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:138.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301
754&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;74
377
862&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;88
737
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
530
660)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.26&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
507
374)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;192
148
956&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301
754&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2018 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:179.6pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.6pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.59&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;34
612
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.99&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;34
612
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;775
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.53&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;775
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;126
747
505&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;126
277
642&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.42&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
007
557&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;5.00&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
007
557&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
600
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.67&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
600
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
356
667&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
356
667&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.37&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;192
148
956&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;191
679

	
	
	


	
	


	
	
	
	



600



	
	

250

	
	
	

000

	
	


	
	

334


326

	
	

000

	
	

000

	
	

000

	
	

007

	
	

935

	
	

000

	


	
	


	
	

543

	

433
813 from the issuance of 34
338

	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	

 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000

	
	
	

 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000

	


	
	


	
	

000

	
	
	

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;185&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:138.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:14.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301
754&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;32
071
901&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;74
377
862&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;88
737
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
530
660)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.26&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
507
374)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:64.5pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;177&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:132.75pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;192
148
956&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:60.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;119
301

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
250
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.59&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;34
612
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.99&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;34
612
227&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;775
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.53&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;775
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;126
747
505&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;126
277
642&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.42&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
007
557&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;5.00&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
007
557&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
600
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.67&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
600
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
356
667&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.70&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
356
667&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.37&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;69&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;33&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.4pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;67&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:50.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;192
148
956&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;76&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;52&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;13&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;191
679

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
 2011&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;amended&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;August&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;11
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2016.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Under&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;agreement&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Mr.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Dahl&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;serves&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;CEO&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;for&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;one-year&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;terms
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;subject&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;automatic&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;renewal
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. Mr. Dahl is compensated as&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;follows:&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;he&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;receives&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;an&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;annual&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;base&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;salary&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$240
000.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;In&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;addition
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Mr.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Dahl&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;is&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;entitled&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;monthly&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;bonus&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;compensation&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;equal&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;2%&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of the Company&amp;#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. In addition
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&amp;#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-1.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. Further
 as it relates to Company&amp;#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetrix
 LLC (&amp;#147;WellMetrix&amp;#148;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetrix for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetrix to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetrix at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetrix. Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetrix. As of December 31
 2018
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;Investment Banking
 M&amp;amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On January 17
 2017 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 if the Company did not terminate the engagement prior to April 18
 2017
 it was required to issue 1
875
000 shares of its common stock. As of April 18
 2017
 the Company had not terminated the agreement and therefore became obligated to issue the aforementioned shares. The Company recorded the expense in Professional Fees and Consulting Expenses in the amount of $131
250 on its Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2017. In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be required to be obligated to pay an 8% M&amp;amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) payable in shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (reduced by the value of the previously issued shares).&amp;#160; On January 17
 2018
 this agreement expired with no additional costs to the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On February 21
 2018 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm (&amp;#147;Firm&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 issued a warrant to purchase 2
326
504 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years.&amp;#160; The warrants were valued at $245
040 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%.&amp;#160; In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be obligated to pay up to an 8% M&amp;amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) plus a warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to between 0.5% and 1.0%.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2018
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
007
132 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.13 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $374
511 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.13%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%.&amp;#160; As a result of this issuance
 any further potential obligation to pay a M&amp;amp;A transaction fee relating to warrants to purchase shares of common stock would be equal to 0.5% of the post financing fully shares outstanding at an exercise price equal to the valuation / share price of the financing (see Note 8 &amp;#150; Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficiency).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;Change of Control Provisions&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Effective as of December 31
 2018
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
 2019 the Change in Control Agreements (the &amp;#147;Agreements&amp;#148;)&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;with&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;both&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;its&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;executive&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;officers.&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;The&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Agreements&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;with&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;each&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;executive&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;officers&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;provide&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;that&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;if&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;a&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Change&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.25pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Control (as defined in the Agreements) occurs and the participant is not offered substantially equivalent employment with the successor corporation or the participant&amp;#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreements) during the three month period prior&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;to&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Change&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Control&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;or&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;24&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;month&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;period&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;following&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;the&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Change&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Control
&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;then&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;100%&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;of&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;such&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;participant&amp;#146;s&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;unvested&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2019
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
 the obligations of the Agreements will remain in effect until they are satisfied or have expired. (See Note 13 &amp;#150; Subsequent&lt;font style=&apos;letter-spacing:-.45pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Events)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-left:0in&apos;&gt;Legal Contingencies&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition






000


 2017 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $62
937
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2018 through 2038. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:none;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2018 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $16
993
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 27% and the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $4
848



			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			



		


		


		




				


				





		



877




877
















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20181231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt













 Exercise Price



		




		




		




		




		
		




		
		


		




		


		
		





 RELATED PARTIES



		




		


		
		






		


		
		




		


		
		


		






		





 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years



		




		


		




		




		




		




		


		


		




		



 Shares



		


		


		


		


		


		




		




		




		


		


		


		


		



 Including Capitalized Interest



		



 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities



		




		







 Related Parties



		



 Non-current


 Non-current
 Discount











		


		





 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement



		




		
		
		




		




		






		


		


		


		




		





 Shares (number of shares)



		












		


		
		


		
		







 less discount



		


		


		




		


		




		




		







 Value



		







 due April 2017




 Depletion and Amortization



		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		





 Exercise Price



		




		




		









 Total



		




		




		








		
		


		


		
		


		




		






		






		


		




		




		




		








		




		




		




		




		




		




		


		
		


		


		


		





 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years






 Number



		




		




		


		











 LLC



		


		




		


		


		
		


		



 Shares






 Shares (number of shares)



		


		


		
		


		



 Shares






 less Discount







		






		




		




		




		




		


		


		
		


		


		


		











 Current


 Current
 Discount



		


		




		




		


		




		




		


		




		



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



		





 Common shares from outstanding warrants (number of shares)



		


		


		




		
		




		


		


		
		






		


		





 Number



		




		




		




		


		


		




		




		




		


		




		


		


		


		


		


		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		




		




		







 Common shares from convertible debentures (number of shares)



		








		



 Value



		




		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		












		


		




		




		


		





 Value



		


		








		


		




		




		


		




		



 Shares



		








		
		

 at Carrying Value


 at Carrying Value



		


		


		


		




		




		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		




		








		


		




		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		






		




		


		




		




		


		




		




		


		


		




		
		


		


		



 Value



		


		


		


		







 Weighted Average Exercise Price










 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		




		




		


		


		


		



 Shares



		


		


		
		


		


		
		






		


		


		















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20181231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









				
				
				
				



 Related Parties: HEP Investments

				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Feb. 11
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018















 Inc.



























  2018


































036
435













172
951





























































































Entity Incorporation
 State Country Name








Entity Address
 Address Line One



 Suite 202





Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code


























Entity Listing
 Par Value Per Share












If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.






















































































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.




























Address Line 1 such as Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations
 and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.

























































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Consolidated Balance Sheets (December 31
 2017 Revised) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











891


135





615


143





506


278



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET








506


278












426


710





429


834



Loans Payable
 Related Parties

405


019



ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount

978
215


490
000





674
148


649
240





000


000





693
623


560
803














075
967





693
623


636
770










Common Stock
 Value

037


107





985
626


366
814





447
780)


812
413)





282
117)


304
492)





506


278



Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount



075
967







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount
 as of the indicated date.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Consolidated Balance Sheets (December 31
 2017 Revised) - Parenthetical - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Convertible Debentures Payable
 Current
 Discount

862
425





Convertible Debentures Payable
 Non-current
 Discount



335
873



Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share






Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

036
435


106
061



Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding

036
435


106
061







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 Current
 Discount
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 Non-current
 Discount
 as of the indicated date.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











353
319


127
979





962
333


820
985





814
991


381
222





130
643


330
186





130
643)


330
186)














482)







394





317)


716)





595)


000)





892)


000)



Interest Expense
 Related Parties

060
383)


122
018)





537)


366)





504
724)


708
188)





635
367)


038
374)












678
765


243
126







Represents the monetary amount of Finance costs paid in stock and warrants
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Financing Costs
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Interest Expense
 Related Parties
 during the indicated time period.















































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Equity Balance
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2016

745


016
059


774
039)


621
235)



Shares Outstanding
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2016

745
347













668




668







086
120




086
120







234
991




234
991



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services

875


375




250



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services

875
000













250




500



Issuance of common stock for settlement of litigation
 Shares

000













700




000



Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Convertible Debt
 Shares

000













826




826







274
761




274
761



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Other

937


064




001



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Other

935
714















038
374)


038
374)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2017

106
061









Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2017

107


366
814


812
413)


304
492)







065




065







001




001







247




247







854




854







542
852




542
852



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Other



840




397



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Other

134











338


399
477




433
815



Issuance of common stock for cash
 Shares

338
130









Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities
 Net of Adjustments

035


476




511



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Conversion of Convertible Securities

035
110















635
367)


635
367)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2018

036
435









Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2018

037


985
626


447
780)


282
117)







Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Convertible Debt
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Convertible Debt
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Discounts on issuance of 11% convertible debentures
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of common stock for settlement of litigation
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Issuance of common stock for settlement of litigation
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants for services
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants for services - related party
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants to board of directors
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Warrants issued for debt issuance costs
 during the indicated time period.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































The net amount of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities
 net of adjustments (for example
 to additional paid in capital) including the write-off of an equity component recognized to record the convertible debt instrument as two separate components - a debt component and an equity component. This item is meant to disclose the value of shares issued on conversion of convertible securities that were recorded as two separate (debt and equity) components.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











635
367)


038
374)












001


217
369





247


234
992





065


668







482





894


000





093
001


079





317


716







750












473)


705)





285)


656)





405)


600





098
419


312
188





006
586)


242
891)
























Proceeds from (payments of) loans payable
 related parties

614)


040





658)


000)





968
801


000
000





433
813







078
342


053
040





756


851)



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Beginning Balance

135


986



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

891


135










Interest Paid
 Including Capitalized Interest
 Operating and Investing Activities










































































This element represents the amortization of deferred leasing fees incurred by the lessor and amortized over the term of the lease. Such fees represent (a) costs to originate a lease incurred in transactions with independent third parties that (i) result directly from and are essential to acquire that lease and (ii) would not have been incurred had that leasing transaction not occurred and (b) certain costs directly related to specified activities performed by the lessor for that lease. Those activities are: evaluating the prospective lessee's financial condition; evaluating and recording guarantees
 collateral
 and other security arrangements; negotiating lease terms; preparing and processing lease documents; and closing the transaction.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.




























Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 including
 but not limited to
 capitalized interest and payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount; classified as operating and investing activities.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The expense charged against earnings to eliminate the capitalized costs of projects that have been terminated during the reporting period
 which is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by (used in) operations using the indirect method.



















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017

























499


396


520


373


065


388








000


000


















592
949
















280













Warrents Issued
 Value


377
387


















439






























000


















694
639


















500
















000














Represents the monetary amount of Accrued Interest related to Convertible Notes
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued in payment of an accrued liability
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Convertible debt converted into shares
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Notes converted to Shares
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Debt discount for a restructuring fee related to the debt extinguishment
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Discounts on 11% convertible debentures
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Discounts on issuance of 11% Convertible debentures
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Reclassification of Accrued Interest to 11% Convertible Debentures
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Warrants issued to purchase shares of stock
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Warrents Issued
 Value
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The business model of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC (fka WellMetris
 LLC)
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) is as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks.



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The Company had a net loss of $14
635
367 and $10
038
374 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $22
282
117 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $22
282
31
to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company received proceeds of $1
968
801 from the issuance of 11% convertible debt and $3
433
813 from the issuance of Common Stock.







The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2018
Property and equipment consist of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs (as amended) as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Debt Issuance Costs are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related notes. Amortization of debt issuance costs amounted to $5
093
001 and $690
079 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense - Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs in the amounts of $1
187
817 and $3
877
801 are netted against Convertible Notes Payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in these financial statements as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
We will recognize net product revenue when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of product ownership have transferred to our customers
 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company&#146;s research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
814
991 and $2
381
222 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
losses
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
During 2018 and 2017
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
393
313 and $2
487
779 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
as of December 31
 2018
 consisted of 232
333
598 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 192
148
31
2017
196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
2017
same
cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
&#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. We currently expect to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2019. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available. We intend to elect the available practical expedients upon adoption. Upon adoption
 we expect the consolidated balance sheet to include a right of use asset and liability related to substantially all of our lease arrangements. We are continuing to assess the impact of adopting the ASU on our financial position
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 &#147;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&#148; as part of its simplification initiative. The ASU changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under the ASU
For public business entities
 the guidance in the ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Although the Company adopted ASU-2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016
 the Company discovered during the quarter ended June 30
The balance sheet below illustrates the presentation of the December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
317
317
15
15
332
332
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Deferred Finance Costs
3
877
(3
877
4
210
(3
877
332
541
541
475
475
Loans Payable
394
394
Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $0 and $0 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
1
490
1
490
1
649
1
649
10
10
4
560
4
560
Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $458
072 and $4
335
873 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
15
953
(3
877
12
075
20
514
(3
877
16
636
Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
141
141
47
366
47
366
(63
812
(63
812
(16
304
(16
304
4
210
(3
877
332
Total Assets decreased in the amount of $3
877
Long Term and Total Liabilities decreased in the amount of $3
877
The revisions related to the implementation of ASU 2015-03 did not have an effect on any previously reported net losses
 working capital or stockholders&#146; deficit.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







Property and equipment at December 31
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(100
(100
Depreciation and amortization was $0 and $18
750 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC
 a noteholder and significant shareholder of the Company
cumulative balances of $432
429 and $475
834
 respectively. The basis for the payable is a 5.4% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company incurred finance costs related to these transactions of $96
595 and $216
000








Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NOTE 4 - DUE TO RELATED PARTY
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties


Dec. 31
 2018






Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties
NOTE 6 &#150; LOAN PAYABLE
As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 had cumulative balances of $176
405 and $176
405
 respectively. The Company has agreed to pay 11% interest on this loan. During the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recorded interest on this indebtedness of $45
172 and $25
966
HEP Investments
In addition to amounts owed to HEP Investments
 LLC pursuant to Convertible Debt (see Note 7)
 as of January 1
 2017
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC $69
574. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 HEP Investments
$4
148
040. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC
 $4
000
000 of these loans were recorded as 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $217
614 as of December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 HEP Investments
 LLC loaned the Company $1
751
187 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Pursuant to the terms of our agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC
 $1
968
801 of these loans were converted to 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Notes
 leaving a remaining balance of $0 as of December 31
 2018.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NOTE 5 - LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







HEP Investments
On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (the &#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through May 16
 2018: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $20
000
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) (of which $18
350
640 has been advanced as of December 31
 2018)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
1
666
expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
properties
patents
addition
management
On March 1
 2017
$17
500
Company
conditions
Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on December 31
7
Promissory Note resets the total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 and provides for a maturity date of September 30
 2018. The Company
 as consideration for the extension of the maturity date to September 30
 2018
 agreed to change the conversion price of the $12
441
839 Convertible Promissory Note from conversion prices ranging from $.10 to $.30 per share to $.10 per share. The total outstanding debt as of March 1
 2017 was $12
721
839. The amount includes unpaid principal of $9
147
200
 interest outstanding as of February 28
 2017 of $2
694
$600
$600
the $12
441
839
 11% convertible note on March 1
 2017. The stated rate of the new debt was unchanged from the previous debt agreement and the estimated fair value of the new debt approximates its carrying amount (principal plus accrued interest at the date of the modification). In accordance with FASB ASC 470-60 &#147;Debt-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors
&#148; the Company recorded a &#147;Loss on Extinguishment of Debt&#148; on March 1
 2017 of $406
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $4
000
000 of Notes in the amount of $264
826 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &#147;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&#148; as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid- in capital. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $264
826 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.08 to 176.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 2.09%. The $4
000
000 of Notes are convertible at $.10 per share. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts was $574
716 for the year ended December 31
On July 14
 2017
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt into 300
On July 19
 2017
in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. The warrant was issued on November 20
provision. The warrants were valued at $4
274
In an agreement dated July 21
 2017 (&#147;Funding Agreement&#148;) between the Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP (&#147;Participant&#148;)
 the Participant agreed to fund a total of $1.5 million (&#147;the committed funding&#148;)
 through the Lender&#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &#147;Right of First Refusal&#148; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&#147;Right of Participation&#148;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender that upon the funding of the Participant&#146;s $1.5 million by November 20
 2017
 the Lender would allocate a portion (50%) of the warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at a conversion price of $.10 issued to the Participant on the $2.5 million funding through the 11% convertible note as discussed above. On July 24
 2017 the Lender funded $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 at a conversion `price of $.10 for a term of five years. On September 25
 2017 the Lender funded an additional $1
000
000 of the $2.5 million (of which $500
000 is from the Lender and $500
000 is from the Participant). Due to this additional funding
 the Company issued to the Lender a $1
000
000
 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10) and warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock
On October 18
 2017 the Company
 the Lender and Participant entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (&#147;Amended Agreement&#148;). The Company and the Lender are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement
 dated December 1
 2011 (&#147;Original Agreement&#148;) (filed as Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company&#146;s 2011 Form 10-K filed on March 30
 2012). In the Funding Agreement (dated July 21
 2017) between the Lender and Participant
On January 31
 2018
 the Company and the Lender entered into the following documents
 effective as of January 31
 2018: (i) Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $17
500
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) a Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on March 1
 2017 and disclosed in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on March 6
 2017. The Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note extends the maturity date for all convertible debt due to HEP Investments to April 1
 2019
 including the payment of any interest due and owing at that time. In consideration for extending the maturity date of the Loan to April 1
 2019 in accordance with the Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 3
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $246
496 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.81%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.41%. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
On April 30
 2018
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance to the Lender of a warrant to purchase 50 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years on the basis of $4 million funding through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments. This warrant is in addition to 10% warrant coverage (five-year term) provided to the Lender in connection with investments in convertible debt pursuant to existing agreements. A warrant for 25 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years was issued on June 6
 2018 as $2 million of the related $4 million funding was complete. A portion of the warrant has a cashless exercise provision. The related issued warrants were valued at $3
116
485 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.02%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. The Company recorded $2
039
448 of these costs
 which represents the amount attributable to the sale of common stock
 as a reduction to additional paid-in-capital and $1
077
On May 12
 2018
 the Lender converted $30
000 of the debt and $9
231 of accrued interest into 392
On May 16
 2018
 the Company and the Lender
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of May 16
 2018: (i) Tenth Amendment to Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $20
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 and (ii) an Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Tenth Amendment to Loan Agreement amends and restates the Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement
 which was entered into with the Lender on January 31
 2018 and disclosed in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed on May 18
 2018. The Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note increased amount that the Lender can advance to $20
000
000. In consideration for increasing the advance amount to $20
000
000 in accordance with the Eleventh Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company agreed to issue to the Lender warrants to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $476
464 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.80%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.94%. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
On June 6
 2018 the Lender and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP and Strome Alpha Fund LP (&#147;Participant&#148;) entered into the First Amended and Restated Participation Agreement (amending the June 17
 2017 agreement) whereby the Participant agreed to fund a total of $691
187 (&#147;the committed funding&#148;)
 through the Lender&#146;s 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10). The Company also agreed to a &#147;Right of First Refusal&#148; (ROFR) with the Participant. The Company would give the Participant the ROFR to invest funds into the Company on the same terms and conditions (&#147;Right of Participation&#148;) as negotiated by the Company with a third party
 provided that the Right of Participation must be exercised within 10 days. Certain exclusions apply relating to the committed funding from parties unrelated to the Participant. This ROFR terminates on the third (3) anniversary of the Agreement. The Participant has an agreement with the Lender and the Company
 that upon the funding of the Participant&#146;s full $2 million ($1
308
813 though the purchase of common stock from the Company and $691
187 through the purchase of HEP Investments&#146; 11% convertible note (at a conversion price of $.10))
 a warrant for 25 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years would be allocated from the warrant for 50 million shares of common stock authorized in the April 30
 2018 Board of Directors Resolution. The total funding of $2 million was achieved on June 6
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $1
968
801 of Notes in the amount of $819
854 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &#147;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&#148; (ASC 470-20) as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. In accordance with ASC 470-20
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $613
758 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $206
096 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $206
096 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.59 to 180.14%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09% to 3.04% The Company is amortizing the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts were $903
317 for the year ended December 31
As of December 31
 2018
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $18
350
640 of convertible debt and the related accrued interest of $3
239
144
 would be 215
897
843 shares
The Company has agreed to pay a closing fee of 9% in connection with the Loan transaction (as funding levels are achieved)
 consisting of 5.4% in cash and 3.6% paid in shares of common stock valued at various amounts based on the timing of the funding and the related stock price. In one instance
 the Lender has agreed to a reduced closing fee based on the involvement of the Investment Banker (Note 9 &#150; Commitments and Contingencies: Investment Banking
Paulson Investment Company
On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#147;New Lenders&#148;). Each loan included a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#147;New Lenders Notes&#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP Investments
basis. The loans have a two-year term and mature in September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson received a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
On September 24
 2018
 one New Lender converted $300
000 of the debt and $64
280 of accrued interest into 3
642
11% per annum. The New Lenders Notes must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note. The Company has not made the interest payment due on the first anniversary of the Note. As of December 31
 2018
 certain of the New Lender Notes were past due
2014
Company to the contrary. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $1
562
425 and $4
335
873
 respectively
 due April 1
 2019 (September 30
 2018 at December 31
16
788
12
075
11% Convertible note payable &#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
950
1
250
17
978
13
565
17
978
1
490
12
075
As of December 31
 2018
 the reductions to Notes Payable of $1
562
425 consisted of
 unamortized discounts of $374
608 and debt issuance costs of $1
187
817. As of December 31
 2017
 the reductions of Notes Payable of $4
335
873 consisted of unamortized discounts of $458
072 and debt issuance costs of $3
877
Amortization of debt discounts was $903
317 and $574
716 for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







On November 8
 2017
of Incorporation
amended
450
000
700
000
11
2017
500
an exercise price of $.07 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $166
668 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.71%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
On September 28
 2018
 the board of directors granted to each of its five (5) Directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.14 per share. The 2
500
000 warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $384
065 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 178.54%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.96%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
The Company recorded directors&#146; fees of $424
065 and $206
668 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
On April 20
 2017
 the Company entered into a Limited License Agreement (&#147;License Agreement&#148;) with NutriQuest
 LLC (&#147;NutriQuest&#148;)
 as disclosed in a Form 8-K filed on April 26
 2017. Pursuant to the License Agreement
 the Company issued NutriQuest warrants to purchase 687
227 shares of common stock valued at $39
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 67
600
000 shares of common stock. In the first quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $33
148 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.05%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.87%. In the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 16
250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.06 to $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to agreements with financial consultants. The warrants were valued at $923
430 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61% to 175.58%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63% to 1.79%. Also
 in the third quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an at an exercise price of $.07 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a research consultant. The warrants were valued at $16
667 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.61%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.63%. During the quarter ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 50
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2.5 million through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Also
 in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 600
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement as a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $57
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 pursuant to Board of Directors authorization
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 56
334
081 shares of common stock. In the first quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 2
326
504 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $245
040 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%. In the second quarter
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 25
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2 million through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $4
274
761 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09%. Further
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to a consultant (Executive Director of Asia Operations &#150; see Note 10 &#150; Related Party Transactions). The warrants were valued at $163
798 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. In the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to HEP Investments LLC (a related party) to purchase 25
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an approval of the board of directors relating to the additional funding of $2 million through a combination of sales of common stock and the issuances of 11% convertible notes (at a conversion price of $.10) to HEP Investments through the 11% convertible note. See Note 7 - Convertible Debt. The warrants were valued at $3
377
387 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 179.73%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%. Also in the fourth quarter
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
007
577 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.13 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $374
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 in connection with the issuance of $4
000
000 in principal of 11% Convertible Debenture the Company issued to HEP Investments 1
935
714 shares of common stock valued at $144
000 and a five-year warrant to purchase 4
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share. The Company also issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $22
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 in connection with the issuance of $1
968
800 in principal of 11% Convertible Debenture the Company issued to HEP Investments 552
672 shares of common stock valued at $64
397 and various five-year warrant(s) to purchase 1
543
801 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt). In addition
 the Company received proceeds of $3
433
813 from the issuance of 34
338
As compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 will issue warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
On March 31
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.08. The warrants were valued at $3
317 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. On May 12
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
283 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.74%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.93%. On August 11
 2017
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.06. The warrants were valued at $2
863 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.01%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.74%. On October 19
 2017
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.09. The warrants were valued at $4
On February 21
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.11. The warrants were valued at $5
255 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%. On April 23
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.10. The warrants were valued at $4
762 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.51%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.83%. On August 14
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.12. The warrants were valued at $5
737 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.70%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%. On November 14
 2018
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $.14. The warrants were valued at $7
On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Andrew Dahl
 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $762
On November 8
 2017
 the board of directors granted to Philip Rice
 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $457
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued the following warrants pursuant to offers of employment with three employees: 1) to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $33
045 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 175.59%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.36%); 2) to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $81
897 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.04%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.81%); and 3) to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years (these warrants were valued at $163
798 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 176.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.77%). These warrants will vest one year from issuance (June 19
 2019) (the Company has recorded $87
508 as stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2018
December 31
December 31
Outstanding
119
301
32
071
74
377
88
737
(1
530
(1
507
Outstanding
192
148
119
301
Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
1
250
1
250
16
050
16
050
3
000
3
000
34
612
34
612
775
775
126
747
126
277
2
550
2
550
100
100
3
007
3
007
2
600
2
600
1
356
1
356
50
50
50
50
192
148
191
679
093



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated December 16
11
terms
renewal
$240
addition
of the Company&#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. In addition
Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. Further
 as it relates to Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 WellMetrix
 LLC (&#147;WellMetrix&#148;)
 in the event the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in WellMetrix for any reason whatsoever
 the Company shall cause WellMetrix to grant Mr. Dahl warrants to purchase a seven percent (7%) equity interest in WellMetrix at the time outside funding is closed and/or at the time an event occurs whereby the Company relinquishes majority control of WellMetrix. Such Warrant shall be priced at the per-unit or per-share price at the time of the applicable closing or change of control with respect to WellMetrix. As of December 31
 2018
Investment Banking
On January 17
 2017 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 if the Company did not terminate the engagement prior to April 18
 2017
 it was required to issue 1
875
000 shares of its common stock. As of April 18
 2017
 the Company had not terminated the agreement and therefore became obligated to issue the aforementioned shares. The Company recorded the expense in Professional Fees and Consulting Expenses in the amount of $131
250 on its Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2017. In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be required to be obligated to pay an 8% M&amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) payable in shares of the Company&#146;s common stock (reduced by the value of the previously issued shares).&#160; On January 17
 2018
On February 21
 2018 the Company entered into a one-year agreement with an Investment Banking
 Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) and Corporate Advisory firm (&#147;Firm&#148;). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 issued a warrant to purchase 2
326
504 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 for a term of five years.&#160; The warrants were valued at $245
040 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 177.09%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.69%.&#160; In addition to the contract fee
 the Company could potentially be obligated to pay up to an 8% M&amp;A transaction fee (as defined in the Agreement) plus a warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to between 0.5% and 1.0%.&#160; As of December 31
 2018
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
007
132 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.13 with a term of 5 years to an investment banker. The warrants were valued at $374
511 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.13%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.65%.&#160; As a result of this issuance
Effective as of December 31
 2018
 the Board of Directors extended to December 31
Control
options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Agreements also provide for severance payments of 500% of base salary and target bonus in such event. The Agreements terminate on December 31
 2019
 with the provision that if a Change of Control occurs prior to the termination date
We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







See Note 8 &#150; Stockholders&#146; Deficit for disclosure of warrants to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.11 with a term of 5 years to the Executive Director of Asia Operations (a consultant). The Executive Director of Asia Operations is the spouse of the Chief Financial Officer. The Executive Director of Asia Operations is contracted on a month to month basis.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







At December 31
 2017 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $62
937
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
At December 31
 2018 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $16
993
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 27% and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $4
848
000 in 2018.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetrix
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.







Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2018
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.







Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







Property and equipment consist of furniture and office equipment
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets




































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs (as amended) as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Debt Issuance Costs are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related notes. Amortization of debt issuance costs amounted to $5
093
001 and $690
079 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense - Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs in the amounts of $1
187
817 and $3
877
801 are netted against Convertible Notes Payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in these financial statements as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.







Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







We will recognize net product revenue when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of product ownership have transferred to our customers
 as evidenced by the existence of an agreement
 delivery having occurred
 pricing being deemed fixed
 and collection being considered probable. We record pricing allowances
 including discounts based on contractual arrangements with customers
 when we recognize revenue as a reduction to both accounts receivable and net revenue.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The majority of the Company&#146;s research and development costs consist of clinical study expenses. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were $2
814
991 and $2
381
222 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
losses
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &#150; Income Taxes).







Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
During 2018 and 2017
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $1
393
313 and $2
487
779 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion



































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







as of December 31
 2018
 consisted of 232
333
598 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 192
148
31
2017
196
097
025 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 119
301
2017
same








Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018















Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
&#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. We currently expect to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2019. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available. We intend to elect the available practical expedients upon adoption. Upon adoption
 we expect the consolidated balance sheet to include a right of use asset and liability related to substantially all of our lease arrangements. We are continuing to assess the impact of adopting the ASU on our financial position
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period.







Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 &#147;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&#148; as part of its simplification initiative. The ASU changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under the ASU
For public business entities
 the guidance in the ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Although the Company adopted ASU-2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016
 the Company discovered during the quarter ended June 30
The balance sheet below illustrates the presentation of the December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
317
317
15
15
332
332
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Deferred Finance Costs
3
877
(3
877
4
210
(3
877
332
541
541
475
475
Loans Payable
394
394
Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $0 and $0 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
1
490
1
490
1
649
1
649
10
10
4
560
4
560
Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $458
072 and $4
335
873 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
15
953
(3
877
12
075
20
514
(3
877
16
636
Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
141
141
47
366
47
366
(63
812
(63
812
(16
304
(16
304
4
210
(3
877
332
Total Assets decreased in the amount of $3
877
Long Term and Total Liabilities decreased in the amount of $3
877
The revisions related to the implementation of ASU 2015-03 did not have an effect on any previously reported net losses
 working capital or stockholders&#146; deficit.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Implementation of ASU 2015-03
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018















Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Fair Value of Warrants
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







December 31
December 31
December 31
317
317
15
15
332
332
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Deferred Finance Costs
3
877
(3
877
4
210
(3
877
332
541
541
475
475
Loans Payable
394
394
Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $0 and $0 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
1
490
1
490
1
649
1
649
10
10
4
560
4
560
Convertible Debentures Payable
 less unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of $458
072 and $4
335
873 at December 31
 2017- Originally
 and December 31
 2017 - As Revised
15
953
(3
877
12
075
20
514
(3
877
16
636
Common stock
 $.001 par value
 700
000
000 shares authorized; 141
106
061 issued and outstanding at December 31
141
141
47
366
47
366
(63
812
(63
812
(16
304
(16
304
4
210
(3
877
332
Total Assets decreased in the amount of $3
877
Long Term and Total Liabilities decreased in the amount of $3
877
The revisions related to the implementation of ASU 2015-03 did not have an effect on any previously reported net losses
 working capital or stockholders&#146; deficit.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Balance Sheet as if ASU 2015-03 had been implemented properly
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 4 - Property and Equipment: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2018






Property
 Plant and Equipment
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(100
(100
000)







Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $1
562
425 and $4
335
873
 respectively
 due April 1
 2019 (September 30
 2018 at December 31
16
788
12
075
11% Convertible note payable &#150; New Lenders; placed by Paulson
950
1
250
17
978
13
565
17
978
1
490
12
075
967







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Convertible Debt
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







December 31
December 31
Outstanding
119
301
32
071
74
377
88
737
(1
530
(1
507
Outstanding
192
148
119
301
754







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Status of Warrants
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







1
250
1
250
16
050
16
050
3
000
3
000
34
612
34
612
775
775
126
747
126
277
2
550
2
550
100
100
3
007
3
007
2
600
2
600
1
356
1
356
50
50
50
50
192
148
191
679
093







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











635
367)


038
374)





282
117







282
117









Represents the monetary amount of Accumulated Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Working capital deficiency
 as of the indicated date.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











093
001


079







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of deferred financing costs
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











393
313


487
779







Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Dec. 31
 2017









































Represents the per-share monetary value of Expected dividends
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Expected term
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Expected volatility
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Risk free rate
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from convertible debentures

333
598


097
025



Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from outstanding warrants

148
956


301
754







Represents the Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from convertible debentures (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from outstanding warrants (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




















Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016















891


135


986






615


143








506


278





PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET



















Deferred Finance Costs
 net












506


278


















426


710








429


834





Loans Payable
 Related Parties


405


019





ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount


978
215


490
000








674
148


649
240








000


000








693
623


560
803















Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount




075
967








693
623


636
770















Common Stock
 Value


037


107








985
626


366
814








447
780)


812
413)








282
117)


304
492)








506


278






























135










143










278





PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET



















Deferred Finance Costs
 net




877
801










210
079




















710










834





Loans Payable
 Related Parties




019





ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount




490
000










649
240










000










560
803















Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount




953
768










514
571















Common Stock
 Value




107










366
814










812
413)










304
492)










210
079

































































Deferred Finance Costs
 net




877
801)










877
801)



































Loans Payable
 Related Parties









ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount

















































Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount




877
801)










877
801)






























877
801)









877





877








Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of ConvertibleDebenturesPayable
 less discount
 as of the indicated date.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of deferred cost
 excluding capitalized cost related to contract with customer; classified as noncurrent.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Convertible Debentures Payable
 Current
 Discount

862
425





Convertible Debentures Payable
 Non-current
 Discount



335
873



Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share






Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

036
435


106
061



Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding

036
435


106
061










Convertible Debentures Payable
 Current
 Discount






Convertible Debentures Payable
 Non-current
 Discount



072







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 Current
 Discount
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 Non-current
 Discount
 as of the indicated date.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 4 - Property and Equipment: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











000


000





000


000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

000


000





000)


000)



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Nonproduction



750







The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




429


834





595


000



HEP Investments
 LLC








429


834







Represents the monetary amount of Finance costs related to Related Parties
 during the indicated time period.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties: Christopher Maggiore (Details) - Christopher Maggiore - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




405


405





172


966







Represents the monetary amount of Loan balance due to Related Parties
 as of the indicated date.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties: HEP Investments
 LLC (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


HEP Investments
 LLC










614







Represents the monetary amount of Loan balance due to Related Parties
 as of the indicated date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









1% Convertible notes payable
 due April 2017

000


000





788
215


075
967





000


250
000



Convertible Debt
 Total

978
215


565
967





978
215


490
000







075
967







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debt
 Total
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Current portion
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Long term portion
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 11% Convertible note payable
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 11% Convertible note payable - New Lenders
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 1% Convertible notes payable
 due April 2017
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











562
425


335
873





608


072





187
817


877
801





317


716







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of debt discounts
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Debt issuance costs
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Reductions to Notes Payable
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Unamortized discounts
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017





Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000






































Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




065


668










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2018





Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share










Represents the monetary amount of Directors' fees
 during the indicated time period.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



227 shares of common stock










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



600
000 shares of common stock










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



148










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



250
000 shares of common stock



Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



430










Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



274
761










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



212










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

334
081 shares of common stock












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

326
504 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

040












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000
000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

274
761












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000
000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

798












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000
000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

377
387












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

007
577 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

511









Represents the monetary amount of Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.



































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



935
714 shares of common stock



Shares
 Issued



935
714







000










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Shares
 Issued



000







500










Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

672 shares of common stock





Shares
 Issued

672







397












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

543
801 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

433
813 from the issuance of 34
338
129 shares of common stock





Shares
 Issued

338
129







433
813









Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




508












Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



317










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



283










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



863










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2018





Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

255


290










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2018





Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

762












Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2018





Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

737












Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2018





Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

695












Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



 CEO warrants to purchase 10
000
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value



649










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



 CFO
 warrants to purchase 6
000
000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

045












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

897












Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000
000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share






Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value

798









Represents the monetary amount of Warrants issued to purchase common stock
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











301
754


071
901



Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








377
862


737
227



Warrants Issued
 Weighted Average Exercise Price













Warrants Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price













Warrants Cancelled
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








530
660)


507
374)



Warrants Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








148
956


301
754



Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price










Represents the Warrants Cancelled (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Cancelled
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Exercised (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Expired (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Issued (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Issued
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Warrants Outstanding
 Number

148
956



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

679
093



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

250
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

250
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

050
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

050
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

612
227



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

612
227



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

747
505



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

277
642



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

550
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

550
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

007
557



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

007
557



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

600
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

600
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

356
667



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

356
667



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years








Represents the Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Exercisable
 Number
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding
 Number
 as of the indicated date.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies: Investment Banking
 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement (Details)


Dec. 31
 2018

Investment Banking
 M&amp;A and Corporate Advisory Agreement




Other Commitments
 Description

 the Company could potentially be required to be obligated to pay an 8% M&A transaction fee












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018






Other Commitments
 Description

 then 100% of such participant&#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse.







































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( *6 3$X?(\\#P    !


$%     @ I8!


M4


M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!

@


4^]I\54FD-=6T29M4;=KVFR9.@@HX R?I

M&OOFH-NZ





M$D3G3C5L0BG)5)2(L5\IUBV!,13+1DID6&^=0(2$Q+Y*1$COF)(Y&C+YZE
M+

L9$(H5G6MR3!AR+9:Z71TRR$ /&4\AC3R%P


)XD@QH]P-VMD1?/T%5
M)C/AV:@ PPN:6[34^8=^4L?=^&3@# [I:HS@B
K\[H! #L;NENTA
F74R&

BYX;6R-EUV/FS@4AO\*XK[%Y]C89I1$
JRIO?SZZLCFO8XA_'?A:O!S[X4R69WR


O$P(!

MTBA*$TS8XQ1)KTZ#J$-8&@*4E29TE9EI2RR( E)6=1 *G0 0R-28EH+$^C


M9V[:UT9!^
#8
D'0*D.UQ
1[%*A(=2A28!QYT_Q


(X#I)DVSB\


M
RYX;6R-E=V.FS 0A5\%\0!K\\]&!*E)5;52*T5;=7OM)). UF!J.V'[]K4-
R)@
MR^CO^BBKM9_[WA%.Y$+E$^N_PMA/XGMC\]_AE3)-8FJ<6!4F*=WN C)FC&+
M0FG(ZS#6K1G[


MQY_%\Q'E'5/F9

&46]UO
M\@\S.91O

M\^'0' +)NO$^0-.E5/X#4$L#!!0    ( *6 3$Z1)YV7:P
  $\-   8









M









M]&*LVR3W6]F#
58[4O+@&$_N='-KE/I@NUOI[IMABS\TK#F/QY?D=H9:_P90
M2P
$%     @ I8!



ME/;8'*KCHK8O#\NO\CY3JAO0*_X^V'-S]7[167FJJA_=Q6^[AZ7H9F0+^]QV

ME_RM:+]5YU_M:
@L%Z/[W^V[+9R\FXG+\5P53?__XOFM::MRC.*F4N8_A]?#

M-&_S]:JNSHMZ6 ^GO%MV\MZXK^NY^[#_=OJ_N7HV[M/WM11R%;QW@4;-9M#
M1 -3S9;3J*DFY31ZJLDXC;EH N?E8@A80] 'T)
 (3(T:

M3 LA0V$29(P*[XR*(BT44F:

]E2A2M
* 'I4F^D



O!)EHJL^
\W%

NYU)*&87




.
M&
21/3=0Q.%UPTA4K$6(=SW^4)D_U-08#U1@@$IVWN%X):1Q  'UQ3?ZC
M'VIJ;.;0R0$5=Q6@07&J,1M^T!'V)@W5.8/-37&XQMNP3=XF;ME)+%,8H-O
M-W^HS!]J:HS'-]R;_#CFY& T1 ;P
[\^+XAUM0:CV^X!=] \6T
;I- D1MV



MY:5BRDCNI Z542$RE]TDG=KC&:H8A@+NR(JCFMN\NF8R]P!UY@DJ S; 35+1





M)(0F83G]]W4NRX'QF/VP).;U^)V)\]AX?JWJ[\W!N7;RHRQ.S6)Z:-OS2Y(T
MFX





MEZ+]6EU_


M%W/3-?:UZ[_SV3:^]6
)4LR3CR[0J%D-&KS36+Q)$A_^-@9R8ZPPZ(^/(ZQ#

MSZ81(_'OH8X]




PP9AM$-P I#
M0
W\CL0 77X8(2@K5PM'F48;A!]%.I),6^S,'[F4$^,,-/1)1%Y-B+'QHQZ
MJ$'F;$V6!(98;=(QTWQ?$2&CYH&T/L226E!8IL1ABSPY,1.3+2;0.&Q-,B
MM9(B=,T(/3]E?#+Q;$2&C9IB$/DI9!JRB!&-@.;61U#$$]&9


-

I(4[G]9[+^5\*BXR2PO^4CK5)<^3\M^9^(V<Y'[




M?8G5$(%HW



M1\9LV8+B]@8[T/Y/C49QYT/3




?])THJT3DHF0S(1#K


@H79AN_=[
\[9

$%     @ I8!
3D&T;SNV 0  TP

TJE5@K4!-#-0YO4T.QUW
M1\C@

M-HV7\@X?Q_T;-XW0EIS1^:N-%U C.O!6-E=^AEK_PN9 0NW]L;OS3AG8^P
MFYX0F]]Q\0M02P
$%     @ I8!
3MP!'G&V 0  TP



MM+B+]-W:XOW=ML!^4V ?!?;_[7$+D_Y1A*T.58%IXSA94N&@XRBOLLO$/L1;





]P 8GPX 1KE$:Z^5E[[Q1



MLG?X
M..X_N&V$=N1L/%YMO(#:& ]H97.%

MQ5]02P
$%     @ I8!
3K8)CC&U 0  TP
T+]AWOO7MGG[,!S:MM 1QY4U+;G+;.=0?&;-FXO8&.]#^





MW#16W)&YZ\V7D-Z

M965T
3

_?./J<]FB?; #CRK*2V&6V<:X^


W3F#N;/
7.2:'A;(CME.+FY002^XRNZ5OB



A&0B'&(=-A2*SC]SQ_/48$_





M970Q-YX;6Q]4V%OFS 0_2N6?T=.%G*(D!J.DV=M$I1IVV?'3C JLU1VX3V


KJE[XDG





M

MMB$4-:0OV+O
S

MM
1=NY
MD&!EWO


A#7^Q?UC[%WW\N%6WA ^5/4KBOH

M_=FE
VV;D



MT/FKC1?0(#KP5I(;/T.=?V%+(*%Q87OG]V::LREPV
]/BWON/P#4$L#!!0
M   ( *6 3$X50E0M@$  -



2_]DQF^PM3/)TJFYA_@ A+AP0G6*(UT\4O*WGFC)A6THOC+N H=UV'\
MD]Y.M'5

]75J\N5X7V*T*







[*R]S@9CGUT+X

5]QC:AKG.


R'D7\A^8=9J_%




MC1=0&^



M;'U386^;

\G4-BG=$W?$H^RJEU(LQI

M




M)[A?W='XB

@
MH'1!@?GE# \@1!#R-OY



YY]Q\(5IWOJSZ8


G.ZF)T3F=US\ U!+ P04     E@$Q.



M.QCOD5FEXA*4Y5HA W6.[S:[?1KP$?#




MP-Q\0(B7GW/0M1Q[^@__/_3M:HG;2-\NZ)O;VW6!=%4@C0+IIQZW%SVN8=*+




.E?:.L$/A'X%8&-B6+E

$XBOC/%V]]])SSY#9EYR T80XCAB\P#WR&
M
)P-VKS:
M%LA=RF4S7'K7'<@Q)8M2&;O= ?*_ZFUD<QYUS3$=@98%4E2$)HD'XED7.$B
MB[&3*3+=.\$5G RRO93


M0KZ

\'C*;F



%K/B#VN9(W[ZVX2BZD#_8N\S
SMKK;-#FS;8


85+K*8
M.YHBT[T37


GYEB1
M&3T@
YY]Q\(5)WOJSZ8



M)XM*W:LXRHOL/+$/-%[*?_@X[C^8:;BRZ*2=O]IX ;76#KR5S8V?H=:_L#D0




I
M



5SF/3/M'4G0CT@D#&1+'R1^98D1D]
M(#/.OF/ABI,=];,I0S.(O[SQ5L?/14TV6;D%(0FS'[$T 7FELX0XN7G''0M


$%     @ I8!
3C4E64VV 0  TP
  !D

M5[*%DR6NUUK87T=09LAH0J^!%UDW/@18GG:BAJ_@OW4GBQZ;54JIH772M

G%2Q%B[?QE&T\ATG_2ELG\(G ;PAL3!0K?R^\R%-K!F+'

K/.?A:CB/_

MXRHOHO/&/O%X*7_@X[I_$;:6K2-GX_%JXP54QGC 4C9WN$
-OK#945#Y8#Z@


!#^*Y9_0 U.UC41(#6=

 51$D!:%)<DLDXPH768P=39'IW@FN
MX&B0[:5DYN\!A!YRG.)+X(DWK0L!4F0=:^ WN#_=T7B/SP5EZ LUPH9J'-\


K]XV
MXYJ-CM/=](+(_(R+?U!+ P04     E@$Q.2$%]V[D!  #3 P  &0   'AL


F
M;5+4:=UO8E_;J& \P''W]KM@U_



MF[1)4:=MGQTXP*K-


MNS\D 1\!WR4
=F&3T
D)\2TXG\J
;D)!H*!P04'XXPQ/H%00\F7\G#3IG#(0



MC8[#;GI;'['^6]02P,$%     @ I8!,3AI74RX 0  TP




A=4!!^N\(=*!6$?!I_1DTZA0S$^?E-

S]+X5


M#8;#=OQ;/K'V2M02P,$%     @ I8!,3@PCC^FT 0  TP,  !D   !X;]W


T423


A#7^ZOZ


CIP\.VP'Y38!\%]G_UF-[TN(6Y=<E6AZK!-'&<+EQZ.(HK[++Q#[R
;0O@T)L4RN:X=:[;$6++%B2S
M5[H#Y?_4VDCFO&L:8CL#K(HD*0C=;&Z(9%SA(HNQ@RDRW3O!%1P
LKV4S/S=


($81\&7\F33RG#
2E?59_BKW[
M7H[
PH





M='

BYX;6QU4VUOFS 0_BN6?T=.%F;1H#4=)HVJ96B3ML^.W


\X
M^P!02P
$%     @ I8!
3MZ27R^U 0  TP



M7P
.8QV9:/0


E!QE5?196
?:;R4O_!IW;\Q
MTW)ET5D[?[7Q AJM'?A2DCN_0YU_88LCH''!_.AM
^W9Y#C=ST^(+.^X_ -0
M2P
$%     @ I8!
3J!Q+*VU 0  TP

=J)&KZ#_]$=+7IL5BFEAM9)TQ(+548?MOM#$O 1\)A< N;A$Y.
MQKP&YTN9T4TH!04/B@(/,[P$H%(2SCUZ1)YY2!N+0OZI]B[]C+23AX-.JG
M+'V3T3M*2JA$K_RS&3[#U
\M)5/S7^$



M

=#
M4S/;&1!E)G)^&;SP)1H-<W3F#N9/

[R-('#*ZI=?$2ULW

VJY2M FU;U


MPZ1_I:T3^$3@-P0V%HK./P@G\M3@0

_-.&=CX+;GA;WW'^!U!+ P04




MP1 (*%U08'XYP3T($82\C==)$\\E W&Y/ZL_QMY]+T=FX5Z+/[QR;8YO
:J@
M9KUP3WKX!E

^F?:
M.H%.!'I!(&.AZ/R!.59D1@_(C&??L7#%FQWU9U.&9#R*^
^;MSY[*FCZ-2.G

M





M_M$




M98P'3&5SA3/4X ^;#0F5#\=;/-MQSD;#FV[Z0FS^Q_D;4$L#!!0    ( *6
M3$Y'-:&ZN $  -

X+GAM;'53

MYYS[P24=C'UV#8 G+UJU+J.-]]V)


9JX5'T];
=19$&4E:
M


W




KXATF[]![R_E^G[);
M$)HPYQ'#%Y@CGR$


8[.*

=+$<\A 7)[?U+_%VGTM9V;A3HL_O')MCO<855S7KA'
M/=S#5




YX;6QU
M4VUOFS 0_BN6?T=.#2K(D!J.DV;M$E1IZV?'3C JLTQVX3NW\\VA+*

MQ_

M4+B@(/QQ@2=0*@CY

MGG'X#%
_]Y1
S7^%R@/#Y7X' 4J&[^DZ*U#/:GX4K1X&T_9QG.8]*^T=0*?
M/R&P
9$L?*/PHD\-3@0




MGIE^$L


DFR9;9XIZ8B6%-Q
M4Q
FQ551'E/

8C6EG



BYX;6Q]5-N.FS 0_17D#UB#

@CYJFH

?#_&G#8MRA+G

\C\J;B
MO\
%F(';3$R

M\(/@NHG'S%RI7ZBF62+%X

Q)L$7ZS0
MA#F
&++ ;
D



N[S?U3[YV6\N9:3A*_JLM39
%VP54+$+-R]R^ Q3/1\-!7_%:[
M+=QE8F
4DFO_BXJ+-E)
*C85P=[&L^W\.4SZ-]HZ@4P$

M$T;
QF
ZCXGHCM*(WI7RB/Q-DF2^WKPXH4$J-H/LT:%O'3&M6+AG??EF;@7
MOO,?[!Z-8_\N,R[A-Z;JMM/H+(V='__*E90&;)KADYWLQN[];'HC+LF]J[&
MZ1\-(_MIL?'\[Y+_!5!+ P04     E@$Q.+F6/.0T  8!0  &0   'AL






M:#&MQ82;+%TUJW2BDB!Q9Y


M3I/

M37

$%     @ I8!





-F(%;)V:-4C#EGEYY



143PBHF2&8&-@

2ZL#X:&2E)7^?7G(BN((

P
V71DA&M#G*%JM!

]+SH

%#=#BF%N\ OWN8U&J/K).S$
_V\*W.

U%P%/1/7^LN#_8!
MJJ$A(]5/8OH*LY_[ 
WFO\








6


!QPJL#KD/G5F477ESU=1OB^8P'O9E/^S4




[D-E-Y
M A$6
+#&*2_Q(/@T1R4&]*&0Y*1UE$6LL1,
MI+!NJB!4A%(,P;*HIYZD994/-'%

69&+X-(

N-Y5B N3E19A&61BVED;@T
M:BEYSN7!D9A 0*3UABBHE+?%\JBE/'HNCUJ*WH4/UGH?^+!$H62TE8EB*:Q
M0FJID)XKI);=Z&UCK*MQ
$H8I
9J-.)G!AE=12)3U7R3'FU(!#7Z.E3$X9


M5.8L@YLKHI.G;UWZC!7'9BMN08Y.5NG&L%T=M)2)^V6PSQUDJ?;MV(7'

MR=DWU0AF+X&W




MTN&QKKLJ9I9]B
_FN2H?CC\VU6/7?^T?6G
X8W+XT=7[\?S
ZGB(Y^9?4$L#

M=#0X+GAM;(V5;:^;(!B&_XKQ!QSP71MKLKHL6[(ES5EV]IFVM)J#XH#6LW\_








'V@/

6MQT;I[JN2/+4WH1I.G@R!Q^:5O
_CT#


M=P



MY8T\#0A40G43V6?F7C(#0?OQRD73O9__!U!+ P04     E@$Q.K_NHDMP!


YX;6Q]5-N.FS 0_17D
M#UB#(=DD J1-JJJ56BG:JNVS \-%ZPNU3=C^?6W#LFR^H)GQN?
S3.D@U0O

8ZMF@




M5E;CU(^*D=VTT'C^J^3_ %!+ P04     E@$Q.K;!FO@X  $!0  &0






M;P

#O9SL U/)GO-G8WP]K

]61A
!3_


8$&
MS

B_<





M)=?^&]5';:0(*M:*H!_3R'H_CD'_3+M/2 
AG0E)]D\02R(.#)F6_UF1I:

MCS



MYX1#:URXMK&:;NV4&#F$!XGGOT+U%U!+ P04     E@$Q.J^3;2Z\!  #1


RYX;6Q]4^UNVR 4?17$ Q0;
MN^D6V9;63-

M0Z]2*%OCP;EQ2XAM!Y#
WND1E%_IM9'



@H'5!@?GA##L0(@AY
M&W^2)EZV#



9/2$S_ZR1A3N1;PM_F&UHQK.+:SZM]=US4V3W%3D'H81YG#'T

MI6BK;J^=
 EH#::V$[9O7]NPB(#3-A?!A_\??S



;44!1X7H(:4K=ND9NQ R]R=I6T




:O
M
:8[+:F-\_9[]$\F=Y7+D0C8

KE0^L_XSC/G$KC
F_Q5N


M01/
-
&]8K]61-DD00I@H@BL%('QAW._W1Y:[:&Q1W=)X$42@R8QFG9((O+4



M+

_09_HWP2]T*Y\BD.G[
(7%F


M[6Z;

M

\MC&(Q][23(V

MM/-#+0@HU%)G(&JXP1XHU8F4C-]33G\NJ8G+^5OVS\:[\G(D O:
_FI/LMGY

?E+?F\Q_@QM0!==*5(V:46%^O?HJ).NF+$I*1U[MV/9F

M*RGV3X:
EWTQ
G/3'TY

A)*M#L)C

MH-0A:%6HLIAT40CA) OSE9XM+$GS$/_C C.GG



$%     @ I8!
3NU6;V_P 0

R_P7@*/;=TH$\!YVI
:OH/ZT1^%WN$Y


M*3Z;1!-F[S#A K

MD(V%= [B3[\++1]!OM$4KVJ*76?]19Y@G;]9Y6^N/$7!1=OV*YCP'9'):I'D


+S8
S_ E!+ P04     E

MC\^9


1K#;V8C#V=RHZQ-SWY

MNC7?WJZDR4!S$_! P,A_Y+B 9-
@&YE)]1.1I





%5C;CNVG4C6#:\1&I_$XB]02P
$
M%     @ I8!

]F^



HZ#
C/G2G?QVW/IA5Y$N]


MA%:^-\[^=_VNBS:\JZ35.)BBZ?][AUMC33F.TI929M^&S[SJ/^_#-W$\IN$$
M.2;(1T(2_C2!Q@2:)01#9?U4?\ELMMO4YN[5P]VZ9EU3B&=JS3QT%WOO^N_:

M





SB<T!DW]

6A1]ROFO73!
CA5
M[C*X713&E# +0X6)5BM@/[-J5QA6A=;!3KD@2'&W&8.JT%NJ8W^



M7?\/
^R[_9'5Y[QJO#=CK2G[?9V3







IJV=?::S


\0













S??7#D

1
MF62




D\

%= -PC
M0?4(@RP0R-3#(,L7$!&(DV\MR4&6;J C$14DB4&6;J +'(Q*B5F&3I0K*T
G <H9$5)H59EDYL)PAD2985IAE


$%     @ I8!
3K R;@O* @  ?@H  !D

MU&2:-FF3JD[;KMW$25 !

7!\%A?1O
@CY\I[
M+8M*+OVC4O5]$
CMD9=


ONV6/C)$O.!;



M%J'UAT

)K2:VFLIJ





M?*_
+=7W3=L1M0









M&1T-/?^Y:(OMNJXNBWH




DP%$2B+1N

QX_8\Z/L$ I:@.PP

%4SL6 0&72#00P5/
M1L$


M#+]$\$?G$S'\7?RX
5H2]U 2\R\1_Y& ?_TL##^TL8)I8*B;F6B.M(P Y-



M;5-*=1:=S3
J*IAJFU*JLV!%I_.'Q53;E#J=A4?QG(H_AM^FU.DLA)\*'E&A

#


W1%^Q=9F9G[74VH'FQ+8 C


M?F_&.1L#A]WTA-C\CHL_4$L#!!0    ( *6 3$Z#I][KM0$  -
#   9



JE

[.S]CH?C7UR'8 GSTIJ5]#.
M^_[(F*LZ4-S=F!XT_FF

RC[FS+7

S-?X$K2(0')UBC
M

/W/
RMV8D

M@L#W.NU@7+WY/IJUO[?'%5O_KE8PLVV^^;[:!W&25Z]?!,]Q/DZV&BE^$B
MJM[^K_A3ZKV+TWP61\M9Y



W




\ KC-:P/03$^ R#OO7J2T<X^ N7+4JT_T^AUO/!H,&J9Q 0024 ZF 6CR
MUS I(L0#;XHTH#:5=)FG23RGD_LN3$)8+SP)K?W#H$$1D1.A D
O9OH4YQ'
M\Z-FCF(RC6'M:Q]O;B:7M][)=#JYG;ZMW0[SQQI= F(1QDFOPCS.OTX39%






KKDG\.<L_LD1Y_'WV*DG2%:VR@

8[OSR]^C#Q#F7Q1[7%

M:+7NVY&  FF6%PM*

47K=:)).8I #T0;7F00-<T&Y.4!8EX!_#TC=IL+90J-UZ%

R


BJ.@YLGN %.C=/7F''T&F!['A2(F1
(^3&8AUSC4;8$;2#_0^!?D$



MJ71PHL!6A0@




$/.;WT0CKN

M(F'+-7P^7
:+






L]U#'0!FW[0$8

0#V#:V+

^':FQZ'O?$

^4B6D@V-[WM13/9F
MH/LX;11?M!H&
XE8QT;5$0\XG/([D
Z)FM*BTOM6


M/WPXN?D)#_/T_/O+\[/STQ



D#.%XCM+!;-
M3,US!V;@
(!0C_ USBD3''R':!;?I 

XU6.%I8


1Z

0+I)DP2HSF@AF24=)8& GE#B
6
MG

L?HAQW0N4(1F;:((9Z%$+5J5A_ABET;+8




%WW/8:2T
M
%V4

(%B55'2(QB95TA=:LF$%D6


3GH9*F1\

6*7)^-K?:27(K1&E

1ISY'<L?/T8$
MIVRNQRM)L2\G@,;71M@[9#82P%+9=F
_ PX8UBGW*X<CPC,6S%O<#27^Q1BS6V)=F



D
M9-9![DD4)*^EP9.(%M*U9IV5K;7E%MLD[Q[3(J@TRD] 9.&TW;\M%C6!;1



:?W NUP
1']J

[

M0^I#U\ZN=5!;[
Y;KK53Z=X[999$&'AF6;J4M8UP8 5$&*0#LC3+OECT!MWW
MAE%]5ON.L#[48K0H)^9I&E19$G&NU9B&W#L52U@
?#$O%;A]K.B9'I2!+)9T



M$'




M-!1A;#4^



MDPI8.J

M6+\7^




E+G?3AS
MBW 0:R)Y5!
)]U#J)!F']9\ZQ0:94[[@CCJI!N# 
D^/2-[((F6@J*04Q1L5
MATITEJ$%L4


SH'V5LVX@O
MR#]!V_[W@N+3+(*P*?KL4-X[

M6/] K?_BZN025OW3R;N+B6^! :GXZ6
)AD^4
MFZ$59S+8@/J+Z=ZU!)%=$-CI1:T-C_$@=[!YI(^SD.4'2L;JH)PSJ[A62F
MBXQ,<2H*X3,OS_G.JLB0<ZRK:YDC#G
E
)MMTMWU & T(HADO5W3


UWS?+JNG2 E?HHL7H1=I
M5*&W,L(NN6(L?0FZ
)Y]
K:U/*.$V-V)K!.YC0W2PODOBGQ@[JO]A: Q#'3
M==VF
^CYH\Z O7KWVO%%XY !V0X1



(RQ2S5 @TBT3Y







M
T:EO :5M#'/C0TE+8F7T_6?1:$\JRRDN:U!U1E3V56_MJW_9Q.[ND?*1/R*



MQ




MA; 'HJ)^
-Y0W6C
4JAY2]15H.V
7RH2]%_ D%(*0'5+2J]1[PBM6GOPK+-D
MM.9E:H7TA(MOYEOEP3I]$45402CFY%_#@HIIDNHN1?!BQMPA+OB8S'((@B-#

M2(VZ?A  /1KU7]4XW=F7'@V'%7JD'1\'';_='?N]WJ@D03
.WU75['3$O^'R



M2&6:%&NMUS$E
[;7V$+D*N'LD6L^5]31Y]?-WQYO9L7-L6;C8*Q/^KW_B7C
MS0[+3QR]?O9&7MVWBP%H&_=WH1FLBJ5[*.#_WOB1]65?*[LT+K^L#]Z
MB47FU776%E?FQR7B\-N #58]

X
- DAS733$J9BIWNV ]Z
M/;_D5YV@[X_&0W_4Z\H

_
92$HT5[DM

M55&Q;FOPA@XI7FW@RJ6R^2G

--1)^18E0:Q8U


MQJEJLX%-9=Y6WZ=PDP^4P'@BCW/S@@B+SL5D1M B*V;1A 7H

GT




N95!

;[;


M'


M#)ZY/SMMSH8MVFUK:BZYL&QVM/

'@N#-'FY=
M$R2N*'EQ3DO;[9TEDH'?[8+^

#W:S6T
GP-H-B&?:_3=V7K6

MM\HBI!LM:G3I[.HYL!._SG;.'KRJ);*_)[
)6F.T1-IYK*\$G/%V36K4?4W1
M?+BGU[L$CD32!:^*/(-M]A!_-'A%^ Q;[;W-V

M@[T3Z@%Q1@R8LL^K

04/SS8(_5K=

S[B-CEF.EY9.6N$%4




+A

M

I5 D3?2

M5^@/PKF@


MPY)25OI'V;DMQ&?P+0 IIFO0S!I2L@@7U:4= *D^#I+[Z,\YZ-

M/HB6$W[659XFZ!(!1AD/08 OI4G

M@W)&+J(5G'DJ9=0]05SY^XB1][,TAN]T8?#+* .3181 ';+R^CLNQ064)-


RK<2PZ+1@&OOU&&MHQ4:(M9





.CX




XO$.-.):AJI*)
M2 ;KAG=\%7%O]O=S@I#K





%$-=K;7(EE.J4[1RYRD4U7=
MEGY

94D0E&


M

(A&.


I\!.*S
MAS77M&M#UR\G1N-[+[*S]?9ZFZB@ZVF3&$@XB:J%LN;Z^P]P

M2V

M)H9S1!XZCQ8K4RVJ3($3+K$6G@
T. 7-TE/5L)3;%.8;VA3JG

M+*!

A/

M
CZA?FTI9Y0R=7,Q,$J3!]TG(,Y_4;(R6ZG03U#



M)+



M.+\;X4(?5+[A.^3=U8._T!F7NHKXN??8_2/=)K8UOF+=F!LWMD$)I8-%^'-:

F2A&NC:ZG

Q[)T%2/8@
[)60T:V!V3&;I#Q6=7-_N+3<V\;BW Y6?1)/7'

@[ZST[*\2^
\-J R@4F/@F Y2PV&I
M!4992IO*P1)\=X#-9PI<)%%%Z'[!GD/9  7F2NO!+$3 I*8G@B@8(<JITLY



3\KRTB)

B_M9?LXGC

MRM4 ^4Z%_L8;/O)Q1;+)9=JB#QVWQ]@F^J/ZX\B7@&)MJR2KN




0@)2]TN/Q6;
M
56LA&/ ]
(L 
CG+#=2M



ZR@V0HQ


;P)!29PG'#DDU+)*&$XFT*
M2?[ #^1L

EB- AJ&''[%



+IAF R%82_856U^.X+62'1
M*;10[)LPYAQ](_;W4UFR4WO[?4PD4+B+1CNN@.;0]9VI+@/CJ#8VS3&JCW

]5<EW]$1A+VHF[;DZGD]NI

V76.VGE!M
M
:)WNQV_

M?R;[RT2

MJU;OU09[KCG8U[EL?[E+.-NC$ Q:NX6V9O:8G,E?OS'D1MT;*I+Q[?*HH=

/&RW-

MCLSV\7QTS%/1:?M]T.;[0_ND82?%[L ?#MM;*MTTGZBWJOH8.8%\+#0)QQD$


4Z-HO6FA5[@BR/J79+V2F%\Q6OE<;


MIW]E\C3R*7?.8IDWZ7O722AU/(WTR0:9:N-;N\E



%&1EPPJ:Q0Q+/X*3/EJ
M.?6B(+.6YN('JN9Q#;@. WSC(]K2WO@$BD'5FV)YKT6;6X;X5\EJ
7;:O?AK


9+J5@1=-
^O 9ITMN%^A;A\.PX5:\==7W


S.L
PY
C:M5?E
_6N/


3J51O

M.HO_4F!
AKM3^X@-O[NM:Y?F4X.AMDN]W*#[@5]; U17=&.DF16V0 :$YTPH
M&&@[YVYS



\94TS2PUWIQ&[T3YE
=^**





MKPWN

E=GNV%KI11FPT1F9LPP
V?VV9A?7LB\[6M]^
M.,ZSV6&SQV3KVM#S\*V[L[?TYPW=#;S+-HB-._XUH]98*^4Y&,NP3#3U+_]3
MF\H_=QLVMO]M!/.FMVIJ\F-D=O:5VDQLUN$2^4JPXPXK6:Y:_'%Q.SDZ)CF



GI



M #$

MZ;WYAG]+-[3K%-@]YI&X$!B*;JI/W4Z'I^8VR.MJ5GM==KJ7+BC(4J@/E3X.



M!BPA6&*I2+QN^2%1





6:6V_;-A2 _PKAE_5AFTW=


BGWH]#-[WWU'

M.R
ME/GO
'E&
)Y%8
_ NC'@8%Y<7@\%B^H ;S103
 C!!WC#H

!3\=7


:

PU




_FR5E
MH3*&A4*[*^P=QJ0L5

M# O]#'/\V
%66A*H:%@IAXU:.B+%3%L% 0$Z]Z5)2%JA@6FU/

0;8?H0H+Z8WHFCO#QI_#1R)%


MJ1Z/75N:8U]6;^=36S95


9U_PDA#5?ZPBXCGRO(P [\L6.

R]=/]


M+GAM;
W:RT[#


6T+VC5J++Q_\G\-_-P-I?4T=3Y5?6QV/%Z*=)^J@0T+#_F(



I18.4HL@H4606*K )%
M5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP2


M  @ I8!
3KY-/B3N    *P(  !$              ( !F0$  &1O8U!R;W!S


M     ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE



M%     @ I8!
3I?++:X4!0  Q1H  !@              ( !)18  'AL+W=O


2:Q[4 0  %43



4     E@$Q.
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#$P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *6 3$YC$8OHM $  -
#   9


M  @ I8!
3K8)CC&U 0  TP

M:&5E='



4     E@$Q. E4)4+8!  #3 P  &0
M@ &:

M3$ZGF(X$MP$  -

M+W-H965T

3@Z&[!RV 0  TP
  !D


4




M=#(R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *6 3$YA2N20M@$  -
#   9

C

MI8!
3AG1WZVU 0  TP

M='

4     E@$Q.-2593;8!  #3 P  &0

M Q0    ( *6 3$[G+=K/M@$  -(#   9                =A%  !X;]W


3DA!?=NY 0
MTP


M;6Q02P$% ,4     E@$Q.1Y]/+4!  #3 P  &0              @ &U

M5PE
N $  -

M965T

3@PCC^FT 0  TP
  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4


Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *6 3$X/]&67M@$  -
#   9


M A0#%     @ I8!
3MZ27R^U 0  TP
  !D              ( !5%
  'AL






W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( *6 3$Y'-:&ZN $  -



3MD
1-6Y 0  TP




4     E



M%     @ I8!
3D=O#H+5 0  ;P0  !D              ( !;VL  'AL+W=O



M% 



N







3J*5V\20
M!   LAH  !D              ( !L9


M
YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ I8!,3BE,HKR 0  TP
  !D


&UL4$L%!@    !) $D \1
  *#\
$      $!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 Related Parties: HEP Investments

      
      

 Related Parties: HEP Investments

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001078782-19-000119-xbrl.zip

M6=Q0I)8O3CR?_G8#) 5*%$6)E$U)V#IS(DMDH]%H=#]H-!I_^7]^3!WR1/W




\B
MWX=?/MN!:3A_4








$9E9T03R

',2E^9\5<NP21O
MR=:)UAOT^BUMF;'5L3!NH &X*FPDHKJW5Y;0Q=13'5A:@BMYMX\%V[.U5
M5(.5F)J9'/EDQ;8K-PH6;:!W6_J\W?P&UVD+K'VJZ:6Z7B.7VRC#V0JEU%K]

M8$& ?&MH%S9?$GINS\






JU


MN+G

M=3MU
K]A
*C[K[MP]!]



:&A3;JHHE=KO:JU=
+4K/:I93CL6R(I5SV[U9W%!





M]S6R0NK5MEV*M
M37ZEHCQ7]#O[:0



<[MT][OO+
MF(]&=KV


6KW.GOL.P IM4MQ25QM?;#MB+[D5G-Y*[W'FZQK^GU46^R;3*83




JIEVJB7

\]/OB






1?=3EM?UHSU#=6EK;UEH]93]7Y_8Z

X#:]Q]
M&8?:V\D_LZQ']T/F!EACY_G[8)](@]18+LT
C4LZA#O#'YI_WDD4^V%Y@V
+0B;1U'!9
M0U;\;!#-9KR2,OMZDV [(!]#_XPW&ALH*^A?L %U'H'C;
+@X$?17@B_M/_




'AQ)-^PX:\ G&4(


MN*E;F1+VMS(1D[HHU%=-($7^28-JM.)S$EU(5?GPX*U6&4B7CG[5CA [!A#
M=65)-NJ2Z:&3GDXD2M3F7DA99:]+N4]K4P(+%YE&HYA?JLNX7'U211#A!KD
M&R.)RG0 J\':#5U#LL#U9_@LQ-G0##9GHQQW93G%;P8'0 ASV36$(2*P/
MH
@!K^+YS%_-X4*I3O0ZJWL![0NP!%;.9N2'X!60-Q/W8$5^$6(Q3A3N_8 ?







M9V?77Z_N+ZY^)3?7EQ=G%Z


*R!!\J[BP

M[[E=(2

9GAWWTQ%' (B([SO PC@JB($V
M4!8Z0VK&7

M-TIH





?%NO'FK6H



3.+

@B,XMEDLJ
M&9\OH@-*5IT(<UD4W5 -@X5SI^3.3N&8 ^:N3J7L_EL1C=(;<$5$[E@V3KF
M0L +

MD29/ .;\D3@
YOKB12)^5:ZA=I&JNR;6X[*:O&52+G*;(BP\W$62$Y[D++%P
M.UJ9-7)G2%SBQ






M


^16GS/!R9'
MR;[A$O64)3:5?FH!
&PK@T&





M6GI5PP:





*0S
/@*H<-S#XDBYH2IW6U@LU
8*3)(+-F$(:RYX/'4QUR

RW0;9V64M8
M5!Q P'R5B96UJD6GT&D-U3H2T%B9$H+.RD082JU
94.46T#ISBZ=VU$TUC54
MR-BH$D
!G4D-=6*



K*9


8M(%.^@%M-\[^(SJ;SOXC6U@+0(I@^QL7W4Z

76WUB


M]VE*(=N31]LG)M2




/&3
-Q'J
Y^'K9[J!B:RS




M3/UJH%


M
A$'RZF1X;:OJ=
H?6RZNRL(J

* XIG)4W!KF%B)\RA'JO#6]]+Z7$0E


M)2G[BL&O






MP\ZK40L7HK
9 DR7NXG][;S:&=ZD/B\N]HY?ILZ.I
?WM+

/?20):N

:^&7!F6



K(6$I)L84


M9B
+:=U+(Q$\+I)WTLO]31F,$&.5E0LQDN]MC=O-A]RV9+
^/) .5(;G_'



B))?S ,3YHF=0\1M
M$R]R+%V9Z3R6! H&B3FV'&

)T!%
SIH@7
M$@=IK(:S@AHEW

ESBJU#E1]2

M2$H$^#H]RX!'@G
;!W!P;+ ?*)H;H1@L\\H_ A3*LX\_W#3'PM(.!DF+W#



867JOYKY%*B
MJW&9:K;\%AO#N@
PN7R$!^A#$CL8:Q3S HC1@G13*;

MF77OT
GAA
Y
F$




J.D?BS<4T /Z5[5JPQOW0/\UY<1.7

MQ&D2I^VU]'6]I;1Z?:G&$JCML? E4)- ;9^%O]X*'RU2JRN^=GM]
[J]_X






MVEA


-GR3AT)F1HE3'W05E1-GM*3D*E!LI2024*F!LERO8T\


I8\]XD9,*CFN?T 6A&/A5PE4.#@$2N
M,?7@H3\!8%EV$._5&2[\11]8@=!Q


&E1\@)&08 ZI[L@%H* 99FU SM)^K(:)B$=DT2
MIJ:T!ZH;4F]E.N.;*4X$ZNP;)LHR5/'AXM_LD*C\A':!AP!I($N/2J#4



MSZZO[B^N?AU=G4GLMX_83PI3*F83H9R4I01FS05FAP^=Y.9H[=#I[O[Z[&^_

MM;JGW5GX(I IMZE]S2B;3CT76/?

M; ;-3#P?L\L^$JVM*9K:5=2NQO+*J
52PKPH#$+X &+

9 '

M&++ML3BY)DO-/$S
=F32W#%J.S)I[ABW[;$TUQO-HXUSU554%;H5VIYK..3&



)[(H-REF7*4=)/9/


#O

M$6@*=  EO;6/+#(5V ;K#?L@M';0]N(S(![4P5D$?B9(]5O0:IPC*)&QXWV'


&/0IV R8- G 2(VO#/EE B6#YX'KP;_!9Q=;'.)

MFJ'R_]3JL+/W
*=#)B(03=HR&E@0$S *W[G?YLX6)B/
.I/B!
(&SR_.4B;0
JB;;CQ/;7X?.-@U#;M?M&?:R$1:\\94*&7L
M2-!SIO




'6#86Z^8X*;(S# %K78




0C+M Q




&SN8:0NB0C&]1^8F81NX3C
M&+^::ZS63CMQCM[!@,V@:X#]?@/B3CR/7VJB)LVSCB4,'?.RXABDHABCK6$
M10%)
3WYO)%[!U1#@H)VOE
.458O&
KI2]8+!

4M

F? &M6*GJ


-O]
8:N8LTMAFSS-S2O.5

_ZSQ]?!0 .3_O@;R#9TW(X;/8%N
2Q;PRY(M0:
MPJ;&CQIC$QN#=G4$$:N!H[\&J*X4VJP7?7JE-B4JR'
[1KHGQJB/7Z2+U=U
M(P&G9BV]JF'SR)C-ZMA'K8




7?EV0)



M5/1F^:&^%Y^1KL/&DO+XJX .RU5RRZIX$:5XS[HZH3//HF4Q;@&9^SK$L\G\

MZF*[;'?2YYN5;!

MO:


M@/0T.N.


DMS


\9X =3X.36N3VI2
MQXE!?

M!@;M2H7Y:YJB+W;QC-Y=715;;3%1O






/Z=U?G@A

![F%#1FA D^I9!^8)\4)8_
3?WQ#EF_G
MS@

BU7@$5X?#ZZ;@7C5AC
_:Q:*9?R7!X!M
MH\?-\ZS6M






K

&4O^JDZ&7ZE2G4[Y:KG%EP&P

Y

H1TJO19^+J$3FI#*1LA6U


3O_!O+
!82&:?H1N[LE
MY)=UXX_:H*5H[;XRZ'1KL^CUV


QO1L;N+/YQ:^8




M._@/JY#CFP^&P^O70\_'&:'8893

!Z8_4PN
@4/.*; &



'U[
M%E_B4
/D7&SJ@+S
&1@] ^^L#NDT*4R!E2J@DWCTC 4CYLH(_CZD?(*RAGL
M)DD_E0[W2_#NV/.GR8W+B8K&]V#'J0:+U_/,-6'3(1;5XXI^'_*;1T 5;WS/
MA8\F9Y@[K*U!2'V7PWR.$/.1[ *)IMQT$O**HK@#18@PGD/R!WBJ^1VI2.X




$X=V59U]*B.VQ4!.6YPL6IA!H]70UH=JYE5G0PS3]7)

#!^+L5GQI5TE
MI5*\;

M+R?IT@BU 55!I^X


MM+@4$T.JMH.V!8
K35@


M
8$G0PP

8( 

M
YX

GTBGT TPZLP8X&?PK)4^!
8H*FL)PMQF8R*
LBVX;P4!4C%A?T6 ,!O_'33L,:O OQ-D.L&DAU'DUBH4K627YE
M8[ P!<6$&,L.\-+.-%$F+FD;DF?* [_8<0L7L7C0CVL+YD:S_/U$:U$1Y.J

5(4*+

M7DQG#GN






0O
(O3_YKY%*B

^N

M-F?6O4
/AQ
Z


W1T5NGO;2ZW9:UA-N=T^58U$)]$+V]

O#
M@%S#^AO\#*ZG;V/L4X#*]ZQ_2Y?0'T2O2M<:?D'SL<BW

M9!3'6\;D+-VU/8S))DU(!FZM+I_?:A^'RF]C0K;(AH#K[LHN+_? R EUOZ


M
&83+:RP%7;((EQO$27ZJ89^;GPZ


MO#HGH[]_O;CY


SL-/1RU+BI6IXZ3PIE/@Y


2NC92_QI*3396_W!W:8U@G

M(#?&



7'B$G9!@ J'NR VHI!%B:43.TGZ@CHV$2VC5)

MC^2:/2V=U+Z!)UDL6+0C


A:SZ5AI
M'^0LB_](R'0PPI2**3%3$V4IP5
SP-/1R[+IB*E9T:7+ZZM?R?WH]HNLWOGJ
MTU[B)(F3&BE+B9





ZGIF
$@3VV30
SY?![EX:X







ZQ/
ME+HI)6K=^-Z
^LYS2@


8LX!^2#XL
MAGERXT'M#L*N%XD(Y395V\^^%'X*DO?PQ#%KK/-5TAIU7RLU41PPE4$KP^

M'HJG

OHQHVY  ^E\9 6
?9:^UE&TMBZU6-:^V&/A

MA;F!+Y/ZV PL)F4I
5;3
=;1RU4BJ&H(ZOK^M]$MV?KTEG11$C(U29A2
25V

/58K@ZJ=
J

+\=



M
*(D]
0I/0F9&B1+9DD9&J0+-?;



M]@U^'+$N)IO8:31VR7
M8S*9C
MI7V0LRS^(R'3P0A3*J;$3$V4I01/S0!/1R_+IB.F9D67+J^O?B7WH]LOLGKG
MJT][B9


@7IMU2EH[653D^3FKQO:$HJLH1?#=+DRLE=
M)Z$W6Z6Z\1


M!?KL^NK^XNK7T=69Q'[[B/VD

M]MOUY?GH]BXN*='N?B3GH\\79Q?W
IM


#!]U-*(*Z:FLV ;^1X*)

S$\S&[[/1VIJBJ5U%[6HLKXQ:+7


MMUI7T=6VTAZT))B38&Z?A2_+X$L


:$E

 AH&Q**F
M3XV 6@2T$4:5&%.L6\O*TZ9VB1@!



MY___5]_B8*31\.8?3@S@LG0M??T7\B&V %O!


M



J'G.
MVL9

VJHFF*65[6[*7#UC51L[I6S;)K+







NO5C[]&&2VM?+5<3YZIPYA3P9 ^HZ=^HY7*7W08'5+


M/[3_9%](?[1W_DCBUTRA;FXL-JE1*EU8(UR8U.




MT1(Z\M
3_/0$/SW1#T'DA3MM+CSG#HE7[;2=^/ST1%M%G#N]ECB]/M.2GY[H
MJ!/K



M



L&6A( AXR-^[\[D@;((



M_T5%#S(R0#H8VTH
7ML\-F


IZ06%F381MCDPV#5&38KL=_Y'GR!+_
+/ =]W[

YEY*HU]R)8+4-D
K@




YU=[/+/O :
Z]MQ&

#:*[?\
\\?
Q(!! %:BX
M#

6?92@KG

%F-B6D*0#)!&

MRP$'0!$!PP


MT*R2-1&%$ZODQ8MF!7$X!HM$):V;V_&'DU*2D-DLI*9
&N1U6)+!C*NW/L




MR++W.!0!G'SO+W&*1N/ODB 4](\%XQS^U@2%!0B\ 5 'B NK37;/Y!L%8EK
M4,D:0J7R-KUAHK CDB\%V0N&L- J[)]L^.A9_H3NUR1UEG-0O@9;J* 2W#/



MA&7S5$4IAK(;9P7[9LL=_#90ML8@KVS(61C:X:Y&&^@2QU[[C[.LP&A%V@.K


M$A8P)UJ4PCZ1

KUV&29J*G2B[/=)9IEEBC'%O;#L2:9^E!Z %V7-

WTJ)3T1AIHJ&.RM:#%)ZTPE?[T3BD!Y/V






_
MA9OQS'. 4PC)\1NP$@0+
QRZ#
]=V\*Q@B:)\1Z\'!&] ;;.H#:4A/E)O&

A

MC-[
NJ_C5.$44
89JFP-= 8C4
/)NSA+6D/M\XZ
I^?RL^/4=02I#K58GL:K
M01[MLKL:Q:M*VQ_4
=@F@
[& .2G'804G*8EP P')JX-D1H])C]!%_0-%(4U




=*/%]@/
.TVCP'(RH?C)C^M//TZ7Y0T96JR^Y-&+G(EPCS'T
M.LWP;QP&7\Z

BI%B1
M

EBRPHV.T?9: E1]4K73I]6GRJMV#JZV*

MIYK784=8TB&?J^(&6_]?4=2



M?G[!VZJJGR_(KE)4O5GD5Z*@FJG_$+0_Z4G+BHG7C8&1K4^HA7BL4' 2Y-0(


*S@G


U2%UB.O^+]U4SB+:5/VR&I4=8BV%LIS0


M]CB^=UM
B[SSDO&J7^R\I#;01S2S/Y0&LK9#I37^6!U(VNN7//.(U'DUDE11
M!7A=XM#CL3B*\_Q; 9E6


0YM]C1$X36G/K


41G[];'H(6K

M]





#;21\1^R.20::UU6B*:I$
#W-443LQ3\#PT5L3@T0'8&*S?
M(O^-/
90*R-6

UKKVHT@7M)[GS89FO;)Z_X)W
M_#Q][Y:;UINX:#VN-GA(KX?UF;Y#]+OFW==2TK%+AT^7^T_X2(*4LX2@GIX%
MLGF!$EF


BP Y
%O%H&$]&/WK)0

M $(



3E




MF9/XBN3E+LBR@W-@_Q1.C-


RDBY.
M4]Z!_M/JH[W'JG0S9L

M#


+RT\\!C+65VL5QO%I29INBVM=WMW-I

M_]=_(@\O0D4XR?Z=/L1.)M]AF:

[3BQ3.1\L\!RQ8UO'NU).(L_
M






U'L7$)
MNLS5+OTGR^
#:3


M%KE41



M8&

M-9+
PZ[:PBYMU/6PZY#.#=NLT19QW+%UK'R%FX$


- E






M
^\MT1IAY
7-O+?$%FJVY)0K[RW!O2L_3U1G;1#O+='9$NT^TY+WEFB1U^6]

MUP9Y?NSJ:K?E%3_2YC.W7M8




M90X)0PC&XL9([\X&PT6X%E2]Q1_A7S#^9W?L^0O/ITP3RXVH;!_1*CFIHB'F
MM&?8_G
)O;V'L-VQ3ZR [#^7V?YC0!@*TK7W


ML N
\Y_[#S:R'&DAT



MEH^
JF&D.OBTB/SQK'Q86S27@F(%PQ4*;YH6'@J18)%:ZH0A8
8Y7$[X5C







@
.TB5#VQ\NO
K\2P:)0L^!X
M 9T

M;@Q-45'






X6^EUA05VSXB+)BIXKY\A-RDQLE0U%I4V-'?J13XPH;+J
M%OO
\ZN9E(VQ6KMRL,N0U15392&
M<D.X3A%5-9T2=M!!^1M.L!$WTZ-L'!GN7\2_QE!5S1=E+0&D8.Y@Z0;HR5^


0:;V$!\_#VQ+N%X0
FC:5%%U31%==A@@#8:F&IE%ZC'<'M?M*V^)FB;F[-VQ:(H%HOUL ;
MZ76Y.1L^E&#*NQZYAV5Y.!84#MJ[@HT-VF0(KJ$NHKF!QE303;;$O-HTT-
M 01IV;(UGM$@R*#F$4^R9/[')LABR-5%TUY*\+.^BF-SH.=!**)_C.ZM%B.
M5[1)V\N@K^UI)\NPJ)JSM3R3U\HB=[HEGNP/14&\/Y2X\#.PBF'HL# 8AOD

)VXC&C
M#1


_SBSQS/Z%/P2_K6$/E[DL!JD


E2;#


M@[.=1)JED/8




9U@/


4O;LCIY;6TEA3ZJ8&)_

O







ML9F59&$M;&^#%6DA1#5VR4OHTAK*.(!\[)*C4W98Z^C@FK##2LU=5JIK Y5S


M?'P]6. ^AG6]1R!
T1-$?0/3#)'$&W
M'4'O9)

F0CIV657K37?SZ$<&W?1Q )^6W37'I:(I4-])H;CPW-WQF%D

3CHI%3L8




M-QK%QT/=2Q J9.&F85;3)'P#UP+W/^!X3 JYB9SD[INAY0XW0XPB69



H5^E0J(B:/?EJ-??@?&T5I9#GW;
M#7WY!1A'WUY]]]ZC?*=YT^(_\[U7!+_.YELX#GV1+ASK/&?@GS@RE(.DVN'





M^$B 3RPB?SRS B+H[-R'$% *XH_&E*R@(?#&W*5N6\26-7_W[3'Y3GS*HYUE



_?W;C7%V


8;AF\3B.G)49..U.D@QHYF D8]X7E/@EV$$0@P]^BT+?_&9$@




I6E)WH@#UHT/[5D4-$=T2C*6+7*O*CKHB$;JCEZT6BS:'J;::+C
2]:
M5\R+MIFP








@(5BV
M-N5EQ'
C(:@


I:M6LWA9W=B*VQ1/7='U XNGF8BG=J;D;RR\F'AN
M5I[V0CQK2/.^C'ANU'%JIE%/O=7NXCE
Q!



@M*=/)5IO

M$6R/]&X@V^Y:)Z;UUE?F+CT[9559ZW]6\
9J[-BSEUL=G;S:LA8S:=LU]E N
Z2
M9XY00(9ZC0(RW+U9<TL%QPE(&NMG7.LJ*P--#W+K)<PI/DOK5V\%JVPM%L6
MNSHW89=I#G=1!D

MZ2Z2N&2RVT6OXLR'N_0



*V=H](M(_2

M!G


'Y+.Q(N_YS8#_@'ZQ19

M#N_+;_19OEMF0@]34TUSF'^!1_X[=J76K?.8BH\_ZI=&#F$& X-%5347);



@C


76?;3+'U%W!


DZ7R AU9*5'@U'&]\@:
EFX?]+5EH\UL!
M+5EH\U])0L](JO;.
QNR4*;WP)H23?1(X#&%1JD=1
12P-)Y\BI'U99%A5=
L^HY3'AW*/
M)P$

M3;KW&?7D$+C7$+CH=M-C!4R=-
PJVF2.@'N$@'N?\3TF!%S%SG($W#=#RP%P


0_7^0O5=5GHTL*T9







Z$B^NO7S_?
M?KWZ=GLCG'^[A+^_W7[^]K^OOEU\OKI9.Q&7-_2SI^VBT L6UIC0(X E#J#6



 F$&_@HMH
 LF##U

^






MF.A
7I1Q*CZ9$M]G'FQF36 -P!!K/+.!6I20 K7-\%W OG.]).A


70U+/^ B9AAS1U
M




MY@+SLRV?G-=:&X.:.8^D3N?DDZ)G6*+[%P6WGVOS/ KH()9')C)6AK!6PI
S,& $P^CK\9NY-B(-([(G'Z9\+.RE034L<;Z@]N2=
M\. !LH;0-$1M, ?2Z/4O DNPI3,-.)C<&.PD$;Z<V,&8FC#ZM3(P1J^S
M]C?]&S8FFB!_]K;XCB8!
EEZQ9FTCP2


%EDZ(G]T
NP0%&MO$'3^=EO%J.?'!




M!8/(DE2R_J-9JF -R/Z2FVOC]QXVHLF)LA51171BJ8:TJ(0%UFSPU!OB7BC$


LAF!

MK%


D68S%7
^?TUT/D!\J4DFE$-UEHA*S





!V$(C_0W/Q
.#6OL?KS$#-(IEIY\*;D!1#*$
? $$Y



-V%)R%

M?^*$WE+


3+S7%*3
MJ7AN+0Y :6XM&B+S[_+PGX?=YRB5N9+4';.(+[]QMKXX[?G%L=VU'1:G'GIQ



M?K

MTAC-DE;IC6@?





''[L^MZU!QHO


U797X
MF^7#S


MYCBC%2W@BLG7ED@#\U_7X8SX%]Y\;K



KVNP7\\_W;Y#/\



4!IY__U:1)/4M
M?OT6'V0TH3]QO/'*D/ W3B@9T;'NB$/-_Q\HWYY+T\2?@R BD\_N=^L)A?1Z


M
! F9.R#0'IL5T!_(U@S;V(=HK51R:ICB49





F(UY]\J&DIRL05K%

XOT00&+I?\
MOP%T\00CIP.@[U



MW=](ET0T*[N]O;A$/L2N4DUK4%+KU\&P6+\.^0_!!T2
WH*(%8AXG0+.#638

M#6

MUT&4\44N'T6^B)DX@8OXM
#;(F!WDU\AI;R!F=Z5K45+
W4H-.)83!T93G^#





M(.I

X=

M[$;TFU' S


MGT..4%Q4@SQ61A\:H:UQ@!0GFRO/'8(_D ! %D&K0&44:
 ;#K.[R7U&] UZ



Y\L9HA^A-
I
M)ANW^6K1TBR)%


MY8TW(70N465TH4QIS99EZ&)$E;
_93JYI 0RI-JNJI?LD5Z4=PZ]S_SQQY$L







H2*75 85FW%SE60U
M3FQ#)ZWEC3\Q[SA0VFI
@W= Z6] KDI&XSPHSEK6N0&JO?X5L90E50AG=57
M7)BS!%J^VE'(8ZF4HOUQ#7[&@V=GU8G![8^?]WL

M$'Q!RKC5D]K7:=7Y#DJ)\:](C%!?KM5V8:



![(C'%_P/U!Q+JJPPFR]R@2R
ML:P2L.X4PH4<Y]V^Q7NXH\(FV116['79_&3;DHJ!*Q'(JDR9.]-R7//07@C
M$J:J)'X4





I6M[913:#
I\RO+384
M
TJH)ZYSC//G#W
CO^B-J= '2NAF3@$9@$
E=#
G@@S ?25T
]WB#
 #)70S


P$
E=#/=Y S (R5T
]WE#

P!
E=#/=YZSAZ:MMDIEN=!:A

MZVJIS:MEO'VUU ;6





FYW=

WKEX]2).=028



I:I;.G2

Y%)E7WLD7P;HB63\

UY^#*O;!GQ-I4R

O2RXVU4P&J+')NA*!*;:2A1Q2QS5]:^F2=$Q@<J
ST5

CHD_N)GLP#


(7_$
M;E*



=3


SQRSS(P5CF$N9[;X
MG8%K,UPJ;85O.$O.N%'XEY_]W_ %!+ P04     E@$Q./3@X(10(  #5

C Q.#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;.U=7W/:.!!_;C^%+_? W4P=

M]4^NZ_0X\T
FSXGNXP/ZZJ+@_J<.?IDR<1[=&-P GZZX
%



M2U



M)P&F@$H,_U6X)2A;CI,!]\+T_VEGEI_Z_741,T56/7L0U\)&W(0XYDH71B



QM]F6RDK')A\9]Y:SVE:;OXYED/83]#FVA




XVR%?YOIQ\%

A[0&?KCAD&I%
MJY=$!D5.


M]JID#MC-O(\&[ SS;$U\OM

8$]7GLP*!I3B/;7<5JV)CMXPT $J$NABT+SZJ%I^L7<0




K



$%     @ I8!

M%@  P+X! !4   !Z:79O+3(P
3@Q
C





1GXLZO 0I6%B4.#-LDV*&T\0

GR_[THN(X2DLQNHF%
)]D0J-9#5'6T+#P3

M_1CCA%UA/R.RZ_%



E8(X2K

MFZ^_\0W_IW(EMTIH2V(.YV+E/F?B)O+#5.QG#&*:-8

8[$
M7
')Y:*
;OBL03%+I%H:*=QFZY0SNKZL-8

M/@WNR*FL$&=)E:)2SNKK!L;-G+F329 DX6)7XY;#.


N8)65T:&238*.UA+H;?J+
MY29%/QE+/?CJ?'#)JJ&[A*]MO!1[L*&V(R?T5G&UK274 ;3D_$1?\V^;./!

-AZ3/71YI8+;# 7J0IUM%=JH29K!-HX8
M
\V M]2;R(\G^#9F3+F73G& \43\62L\P7 E\)N):50E^^4%UY!9
% 8[M93
MUD.4%S*?O#A=Q4*&
P]AV+A CO*L-^ O
MF-WI8*JZ9&NX*J0QC&KW/IU
$)WUA_=D%)$A\5&4]/S


M:DFYUBME,4PGJ]N8Q0-T$PL5W,U&ALJ*LJWAJ^63(9Q?EW81S6#[D:IUCM
MD
0PDF?Y:/@=ST%KE&P-484TAE$]%X$ )%FNO#F;8J+DV8V-!)4U6$-94RK3
M]L5)?G3_1%'$D+_3=0G:Y=NS
W1D
HCSW!7U3VM?MH=W+)K2!:+8@=XV)

M7^%T$[

IWRO_F8\AY%





X/?:_N!A2!7Q!


WJ


M3#?;1TW5[&]MVV@59?5#I[M:9AC[VC:XE
D G4^UW.Y[*6VTAR;DA]Z6FM#9



M.&&]!Y90Y

T-@;4#Q%)+A^$FY/S!7(7NM8





 \X5Y


M*/HN#U*QIW/I0;?M0Z[T.8-3C
MN5W5CKRCT/CMAJ7B-



M

M8TI8$D_'F'Y HQ&)#;^UL57-UNRWK:1M3;O6M&M-N]:T:TV[UK2K&8JQ.:E(
MC3MY6MCF786.T#J(_8 IL?Q8A&276#
EK4*1 ;;QH-(66OMP_1(=/=NGWN4Y



MMM7FDD6=D_4*
Y^23+2UCJ*F2)K3*:[D^H




84GKF.[TK


IZNO?;8S6DI:Q


'NMN
5AB1YWP<D:<()&HD^*VC%4C4<3Z0
MJ*

()-HF!*[U^+=^Y9I^98M61W8WVMS?)V
GG\0!

M=;:GX_S9GDX#UQZJP=4ZVM-Q_FA/1W&TIQ$'?D?K9$_'^9



V&9BN-RHM-1RS;4Q
F3/YUG]
M
0[2^6B&DI3UA\O^U?S95F75H*)EZHB[5^*68O33A4HD@TZD7!]1.F/F&B
MY5[

M)J-Q@H

M!
VY#(CB9%]:) $

MO1'%F59&(S&:$
Q:*$83RGRSL1AF).TG8TSSL


ML[3F0VL^_$'
A\7/XC\/B.&?OO]_4$L#!!0    ( *6 3$ZU.)J04$   #)D

#$X
3(S
3;B'U(
MII-/XYMHZ\:41
%=_-4*Z0D9.T^6S[^\#!XWVYB&9.;[P9
5


DI?I.H8??SX\8WX:ZXQ(^;$N]9Y
MVN_?)'\\;.QJ9-DI^ ^__

^L_)E
M?OI
0]N-Z#)DJWA&0\C^^V^




&,';+G?Q*?98(K/[\+@
MT1


 EZ#0'ZYH1CR;Z^U\])D^WM)0
M@EE9*PAT-5PA

N# N^&DWE45P%)A0PC\Y-P+QKA03F


*
$O!A#
S&TW

@QY

V^CTWK(VXL;_
M#?7B*/N-L


MX








TKSII-








M?7'&#.G BM0K


2.9#

-.GIPHX50)(]LCA%3U.@\0

M'&A.$R-/ ;A'*





JF$$NIX@]SS
AHDS@@@GH6S(%D(QC2






M+^




M1'T:6AY/TND\NK[+/5!Y=AO]54355U#H&$H% 53*0L#HD$G/(&2HBR*PZ@Q1


&&&$3A[Q08B 2DLB!#/7E;!J5D%Z?O/*W?&CY)8FH=QJ]
_I?;3=IS8R*^Y;*SZ 
I4+-.%R'M&;E?U G:W7NU.RJ0J*

'P08.Q=!3O$S'S;
MVSIBE;0V;FQY[K]R?H0GN2S:?.8:@..53%]%5D'J













MK]EC68+3A FZB0([@AF5M7EH=J;1K-RPZI:\=)/AXCZDMXKFZA=QD@UH
MR?.W!_XXCD/W=AN+W(?!-=-)X
=

MT-IZGCD


V1-47)&:7@#[$C0??

Y$+:!I$V#


'GAMB+I

L3[9TO E=CWWQG03N9M]!+*69!C&/WZ
-K3ZV.ZR^S ?2=I/B
MEKXS?N0NH/_*AEUV/:G[ EQ]N5H:V'*U)W_IOB-1\4)@V<HR/

M[1XEF*ZAI%*]9L
1('D0
8#Z9/G

M2N]YI'?_ZG88*;JDG&$NO.(NKX^I*97]E:734JNZ.VB


V%'(

X7@H(]Q7[6)Y3WN(P$














BS44I(F]-!J_#H^]443C



-[]GZ
M^BD



M)Z.*-+F!I$5





-V%9



M-
2%@G'S$!70#1O61ODXR)O7
MCVI770U<<&JC&)63.$,N)U'DBN5N?M9.8DFLD)JHPRWG$114ZK:*$W+24@O

1F1YI/BCW0S\Y]H



@C1N2\$)HY/DDC4Z


IZPA2:EV!- Z7M:7C24ZNVPFFK@!\PJV7SA



5L_4//(%2MA^K\/Z#JEG!8B3L8#G$W\=B=T,@.W4VZXLAPI?L






M_C'K94%D3VX2A52J3?-PNC'UE:$-LDY
Q?_[9MPJ-90
66L$[7C\IC6B&CK]
M%K]NR^]7(66;KK\IRY




[O1:Y8SN]G+3B_
M-Y$54B=IN

M
C =Y5%E5/UV
L)\(AEAX#V?TK$G.-!U5?.V
4*:SK[X5I(OACK9S8TLSZ*T

MDX#7?E;

Q.?



!?5D!
]-&.+?^SMV.

MN]!'
D_ 8JB#





WI#9K&UW14KZQ\M\A
M )9R FTD
X)I-;$[BI(?%20K_#E#UJMA85JJO#R:U9CJ\.+0$\2I(P\M+A2#
M+UXLFGT

M\S*DCAOSGQ2PU'T!+R9:*0T$@ ?DQ:DIH4\X@YYASD 5Y6*C9B
#6
?I[2ZW
MU540CF]H%(=;.Q;K!IMGTZD=;!^X+FQXL/BY[*%'T80M%- Z0OLCNHVWD4P
M@\ABX1Y*?BRS'Z3A*O%@5B8'?X1/9 %:SO2F4(0]B](JAO8G@=EA XV27CV
MAY*
4N3Z3O_-V2:N\)*)H_H;I



M%54?RUF$)



[FB^M/9#V]
M^4SFL_'%;#Y;S_HW6QEIH8@R\X%IV4U_]6AYWL4V8I OY3U3M8*[YTNY0I B



MD.]PP5SDB@7FL^]:*!?20%9(N9#O!@OFHJ94Y4)D8
()S/EH%)CS$3DPYV-+
M@3D?6PC

*OC(66ML

4U6B=(

V




P#R=/SUS '%*\W(PQ+9P;(E

]


M8JVJU



FH6AZ8EY'(.LX8D#V'GL''

]VJ[0YSF:3[\D*.^P0%DAN^(Y;T;



7@@$LYP XI+-36*CV+_M'5_9O0)GCE8AK+T^8Q0


M\/07@B_)


M)P_H*O)FL9RR31497T_(]/]^F2T_3Z_7)^1ZND;
VH#5VT2AV9=Z542UYPZ
MC-.W%E'6X8)N10],$OX_+LV3Y?$-_CB^9+OZ%[8 R/QRZGT+7N+K2 A:ZQD'
MYQ1Z++'-(RHRG@XFSX+GQSL5C$[$^FZ('(WBQ]R;$^(%9.




#


MJMM#%Z]*22 6L2-.?F

U%/%6;X0Z/
:Y3)P[MNWPXWT642&:2Y5YBVM^




A^31

M[





M0+O
B2:[R]NJ.U9420<

/D2\:EMQN8S4?-R7QZYPN&U
M 2'H'-!<=IC#


M(]^8AIEDA(E&1(08^RW;YQ(N/MGRPG-LZ=DY#1*KMX;8E?9+'L5=PK++Q]%=






AW.YP_[;QTF\Y@#(

3#A!


/8_
M9DK-&TX-M!X_?N3B)?\7S6-=#0)M18^H984Y4^=#1GKYA%=?(::Q(A6C=\QL
MDZF/\7R?5E&!3*-/\3-




M

Y!I^UVJ
%*I^BY7:D?4
L%&^*0G0BDO*G7?P.\F#2274<F# 2.


#$X
3(S



?.7W\ 2=E\X$6*%!LROVQF

M]4CPW2+:^\_C_]H;OWW[:7_\=G2X]S^SV;]^O;I^=_+C?_]Z\?

MG_[W]=[7KU]?)V0D;TM(V-]GI/HX^.
[_C^W#D5[C




M?Y/^6!R





MHQ3P\C@K$*\P)X9\OW(USKAACU7@'3A9^  %UD1XWJP;5QGB.0J5OOQ(E4

MKA^7MZ$O +SX.W42\R(H?VPW8_BC?-P[C'&\!RGCL5EO+Q%1/IQE(T'#KV&
M6;$H/F[9/@F7RSXCA@;UPO&

M8_?





MR8R$]SAPY0I)

-E4)5#B$)HACARXF


MRQ5:5IXF2M
6:1CA?M!@KX7


ZYPC4R\-.#+89+OL4L1-WO T3(Y
M]@L\9A3S/!@4N')QJF;8*UXE#NWV.]I<:+7CPF CP9N(K'Y(N#_[/M=319E<
M4![6KW3J;Z$BC]^51//PRDQ
P=[Y\&QL\*14VYCI1MMDTRD'$
S[ZY0Y.

BCU)M3_K:4/_)4WA[5C?4KYX*.(F@'@1JA0HLR7^6

@PV
M$XS@ 1;+1@0'-&\EY^HRE3
E21&PIRJ4JS
3L/!J 0#-3ZDTMIW$T2(D^$]4
M[D!E
L

Q GN




P-O^*ME%D*#Z\/
.!$[B
86[FE4T:

8M7





B-7DB19


MT8QX$O49.S
MV8%6IV
H==/JG ;)$QL+4'+H1VG
3RVG\_4AY4UX%#K$F\Y/
M



\VLL[
M:$
^Z3+:6$K98W9+5FMLQ!([;$UB.5K2_3P-TC8T-
G*'8V*36G$37AJ/@*Z





MTA:SLB76./NFL
1ZJV\Z=NCBS ^_MMM9M_!@$+5
S^0



[Z 2E_\WQFC5ET02A:CQ@%\))=?9L]7:9\1M'*P


E9A!5^'LQ5*8J96L'.+?54FHM'4W9*L


OH



M NF\



MR ^6C0(.L9Q]HJT-F][/E)_7 WF Y= 33#:JZ2R ;=1FN2SD(R20KY8C=*

MM'&70J-G;S6R8T11/U6W3Y29QG)4

M&DRR9@^;  !J+W\L'3:TLX
AM(=9

_O




]IZ
M2=[14P

MEU

#7



JJ6VT\7V;07/Z2KKG

M4Q^JM'^:/






M3=!T/KG^B3WY_=N#?D[EM=3 UV!Z'EZ0KA(WXZY 1.
4(E4S;H-)X'6+*?
V



M CA]0
3%E&-S]#@CV$573G'MJ=(FI %5LLT869000H55 ]0(_W4\)&V*J^F
M(+2;.





MX]\\B8I8AB3?V;'O=9'Z0S'#!XUJ5W(A5A
@VZBC!B'92INE&B4A]Z0DT)


R+15

K:Z]N'7[SS!]]ACZU]D
M

MW6QB%3&RTP/R'EWE]]?$9D-
#_E





M^I54W?4HD1]X]S@[QJ0SYY&'N30VMW@P&$F96. 2?G?'[3V)T4UXA9+BX)E#



'U@N 0SWBJ#:*HA\7FYN5AJA0#=



MD_VR2V=6O

^P5KQ('=8UN'_ED-2/#8&/!FXBL
M?DRX/P

F2C+9)



SI4J2'2M
M?53$7(;!9I(1/





MF 28VW 



M@490


M423-U'@ D'BH] R[#A:0Y:C
JQ$


A#(M M5D
M
@=/


M!Y-]

M=VU;7([*=(BODE&/!8^UE


?

!:



MB%$3.X1BAE#
$(KIW40?0C%#*&:3N


MN&8.J' -EW_M!U2AT M8;JGMMA&:7W E_%2BF?Q=X(EAB L$*_. ]J3 N_
M0\2TR

MPJ$H5P+UL^/'HKXXQE



&LMYF]%0OC/KJ;C8T*%L;V%BR
.VAPID?5J%YA;&^]PEA3


J@Z&+!T=G^J(+( LD6MW@;PXW=Q.%-/I?+W8NJ^&U+X:6+Z(



M&ZYNL_FVX=]DC;=WRK\FYYBWU?!]Y1I_'F
)QCFFNC[7K[RRX1HWFV\;_DW6


4$E:6B[


K'ME 35K$)!O2#


:U


CIBLQ:=Q04%XZ61\!&






4     E@$Q.B'_6
2@3  !

#$X
3(S

M
3@Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     E@$Q.C+(!Y2@H  ')0
 %0

#$X
3(S

-  8 B@$  .Q? 0    $!
end



