

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-21-000172
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210225
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				870699977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30415
		FILM NUMBER:		21680571
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 452 9866
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2804 ORCHARD LAKE ROAD
 SUITE 202
		CITY:			KEEGO HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48320
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN GLORY HOLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215









 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.














 2020









Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.













2804 Orchard Lake Rd.
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320

(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 including zip code)





(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code)











Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.






 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.









 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; and &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



















 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. [ &nbsp;&nbsp;] 







aggregate market value of the issuer&#8217;s voting and non-voting common equity held as of June 30

358
149


 2021
 there were 418
346
110 shares of $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding.










ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX






































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities







































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.











Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
































Some of the statements contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry&#8217;s actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to statements regarding:





our ability to prosecute
 maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights;



the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses
 future revenues and capital requirements;























In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221;
 &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;targets
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221;  and similar expressions intended to identify forward looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also
 these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by law
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events
 conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

You should refer to the &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors
 we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate.








Unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires
 references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;ZIVO
&#8221; &#8220;the Registrant&#8221; or &#8220;the Company&#8221; refer to Zivo Bioscience
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 and its subsidiaries.




 with an intellectual property (&#8220;IP&#8221;) portfolio comprised of proprietary algal and bacterial strains
 biologically active molecules and complexes
 production techniques
 cultivation techniques and patented or patent-pending inventions for applications in human and animal health.





 targeting human and animal diseases
 such as poultry coccidiosis
 bovine mastitis
 human cholesterol
 and rheumatoid arthritis. As part of its strategy
 ZIVO will continue to seek strategic partners for late-stage development
 regulatory preparation and commercialization of its products in key global markets.




 India and Peru. &nbsp;ZIVO&#8217;s algal biomass contains Vitamin A
 protein
 iron
 important fatty acids
 non-starch polysaccharides and other micronutrients that position the product as a viable functional food ingredient and nutritional enhancement for human and animal use. The Company currently has contracts with NutriQuest
 Grekin Laboratories
 and others for the sale of its algal biomass. 




 we acquired the assets
 consisting primarily of IP rights
 of Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&#8220;Wellness&#8221;)
 a Michigan corporation based in Illinois. Concurrently
 we formed WellMetris
 LLC as a 100% owned entity of ZIVO. In 2018
 we changed the name of WellMetris
 LLC to Wellmetrix
 LLC (&#8220;Wellmetrix&#8221;). We acquired four patent applications as part of the transaction
 in addition to engineering drawings
 prototypes
 chemical formulae
 validation data
 laboratory equipment and IT equipment. We assigned all of the IP acquired to Wellmetrix with a stated value of $1
391
281. 


 the Board and management agreed to halt active product development and instead focus on prospective out-licensing of the existing IP
 consisting of a patent and several patents pending. An ongoing commitment to patent prosecution and maintenance of the existing patent has been approved by the Board.





: ZIVO has conducted multiple poultry clinical trials to develop and refine a treatment for coccidiosis
 a condition that inflames the digestive tracts of poultry
 which is currently treated with various antibiotics
 antimicrobials and chemicals.&nbsp;














: &nbsp;Previous animal studies involving ZIVO&#8217;s algal biomass supported some early evidence that ZIVO&#8217;s algal biomass may have potential health benefits in animals
 but further testing and validation is required to make specific structure/function claims for human sports nutrition applications
 if any
 per regulatory requirements.&nbsp;

: &nbsp;ZIVO anticipates that following commercialization
 dried ZIVO algal biomass would be mixed directly into poultry feed at an estimated ratio of 1kg to 1000kg at the feed mill and may be fed continuously from hatch to harvest
 or at certain time periods in the grow cycle.&nbsp;










 or the inflammation of the intestinal tract
 is one of the largest health and animal welfare problems facing the poultry flocks. Roughly $3.0 billion was spent in 2006 to control this condition
 of which antibiotics and antimicrobials comprise a significant percentage. Consumer and regulatory pressure have created what we believe to be an opportunity to develop and market an alternative to various antimicrobials routinely mixed into chicken feed. The Company is developing a product candidate designed to boost immune response
 thereby combatting a broad range of infective pathogens
 with the goal of simultaneously improving feed conversion and productivity.




 or inflammation of the udder
 can halt milk production and may result in unsaleable milk. &nbsp;The U.S. cow herd averaged 9.399 million cows in 2018 and U.S. milk production hit 217.6 billion pounds in 2018. Bovine mastitis affects approximately 1.5 million out of the 9 million dairy cows in the U.S. on an annual basis
 and the average loss per cow per year in milk output is 846 pounds. Current treatments are primarily antibiotic
 which requires a holding period and disposal of milk during that holding period. 




 with prevalence believed to be greater than 20%. &nbsp;The U.S. is expected to hold the largest share of the global market for veterinary pain management due to the vast pet population in the region
 increasing animal healthcare expenditure
 large number of hospitals and clinics
 growing pool of veterinarians
According to IBISWorld
 the U.S. veterinary services market showed a solid
 steady increase in consumer spending over the past few years.




 there are more than 80 types of clinically different autoimmune diseases. Many major pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies have extensive licensing and development programs focused on autoimmune/anti-inflammatory R&amp;D. The rise in strategic alliances by discovery stage R&amp;D companies like ZIVO is one of the latest trends that may gain traction in the autoimmune and anti-inflammatory therapeutics market in the coming years.






 health foods
 vegan and vegetarian food products continues to gain traction in the U.S. and worldwide
 especially as consumers look for healthful and nutritional ingredients to improve overall health and immune response. The drive toward plant-based proteins and microbiome-enhancing natural foods and food/beverage ingredients and dietary supplements continues to expand.







 energy drinks
 and dietary supplements has been increasing among fitness mavens
 bodybuilders and athletes. An increasing number of health &amp; fitness centers has been positively influencing the growth of this market as these centers are involved in the endorsement of sports and fitness nutrition products among their respective consumers. Products may take the form of typical capsules or as mixable powders
 beverages
 snacks and crisps
 many of them vegan or vegetarian. 




 environmental stressors
 feed issues and economic pressures to meet yield
 quality and food safety targets not just in the U.S. and EU


 antimicrobials
 ionophores
 sulfa and copper-based chemicals are under scrutiny
 facing consumer pushback. &nbsp;Market and regulatory pressures are encouraging producers to consider non-drug alternatives to keep birds healthy and growing which has created a market for premium &#8220;natural&#8221; feed ingredients. &nbsp;&nbsp;




 granules
 and powders
 among others. The aquafeed is primarily sourced from vegetables
 grains
 oilseeds and the like. The aquafeed industry is fragmented
 with the top 5-6 companies accounting for almost 40% of the market share. These companies are targeting countries in most parts of the world for business expansion
 either by investing in new production units or acquiring established small players in specific regions. &nbsp;Investment in R&amp;D activities to introduce new and efficient products is another strategy adopted by manufacturers to stay ahead of their competition in the matured markets of North America and Europe.



Clinical Experience
 Future Development and Clinical Trial Plans


 the various regulatory processes required for the various applications are at different stages of completion. &nbsp;With respect to human food and beverage applications
 we have completed the Food and Drug Administration&#8217;s (&#8220;FDA&#8221;) self-affirmed GRAS process for our dried algal biomass which allows for product commercialization with a consumption limit of up to nine grams per day. &nbsp;Studies are planned
 however
 to support a significantly higher allowable daily intake that
 if supported
 will be justified via the notified GRAS process. &nbsp;For animal feed applications in the European Union
 our dried algal biomass product may be now commercialized as a feed material under an existing category for dried algal biomass as listed in the EU Feed Materials Catalogue. &nbsp;


 and as an animal feed material in the EU
 ZIVO has not received the required approvals for commercialization in the U.S. or any other country for any product form or application beyond nutritional claims. To date
 however
 the Company has performed a number of bench top and pre-clinical tests (which include animal testing
 performance
 and other tests required by regulatory bodies) for various product forms and applications pertinent to qualified health claims and structure/function claims. As described below
 the Company intends to perform additional testing of its product in connection with obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals.


 for each component of our products under development
 the current stage of development
 our plans for further testing or clinical trials and our expectations regarding the requirements for regulatory approval and timing of developmental milestones:











The Company has conducted 16 clinical trials to date. The early studies focused on determining the general effects
 while the more recent studies examined dosage levels
 interactions with vaccines and different feed mixes. 

Discovery Stage
 pre-good manufacturing practice (GMP)
 pre-good laboratory practice (GLP)

The Company expects to conduct several more studies on behalf of prospective licensees as part of licensing negotiations
 which we estimate will require approximately $1.2 million to complete. &nbsp;








 experiments to determine general effects
 and four clinical trials to focus on product modalities and methods of administration. 

Discovery Stage
 pre-GMP
 pre-GLP

The Company expects to conduct three or more small studies to validate a product candidate previously validated in poultry studies
 among other similar candidates and to make refinements to same before offering to potential licensees
 which we estimate will require approximately $2.0 million to complete over the next two years. This will require future financing
 in addition to any proceeds raised in this Offering.




 inflammatory experiments
 trials with mice
 and two 

Discovery Stage
 pre-GMP
 pre-GLP

 experiments are necessary to gauge effectiveness of product candidate
 studies to determine dosage and tolerance
 likely followed by one or more validation studies on behalf of prospective licensees. We estimate this will require approximately $1.7 million to complete over the next two years. This will require future financing
 in addition to any proceeds raised in this Offering.






The Company has additional testing planned
 beginning with repeated 












000
 and an additional $530
000 for inoculum production and cell banking.










Commercial launch pending regulatory approval in the EU. We estimate this will require approximately $400
000
 which includes EU compliance costs.








The Company is planning additional studies to support skin health/anti-aging. &nbsp;This will require future financing
 in addition to any proceeds raised in this Offering.

 we expect to notify the Food and Drug Administration about these ingredients and our intent to market according to Section 413(d) of the FD&amp;C Act
 21 U.S.C. 350b(d).




Multiple product configurations are being evaluated in studies designed to validate efficacy. &nbsp;The regulatory pathway required will be dictated by the product configuration(s) selected for commercial development and the associated claims to be made. &nbsp;Potential regulatory pathways include GRAS per FDA guidance
 INAD/NADA through the FDA&#8217;s Center for Veterinary Medicine (CVM)
 or approval as an immune modulating product through the United States Department of Agriculture&#8217;s (USDA) Center for Veterinary Biologics (CVB).

 safety studies will be performed for each product configuration to be commercialized. &nbsp;Formal product stability studies under ambient and accelerated conditions will also be performed. The GRAS compliance effort is budgeted at $450
000.












 our potential competitors and functional equivalents include large pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies
 specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug companies
 academic institutions
 government agencies and research institutions. Key competitive factors affecting our products&#8217; commercial success will include efficacy
 safety
 tolerability
 reliability and price. 

 &nbsp;Conventional poultry production may include both Ionophores and other anticoccidial compounds
 some of which are produced by HuvePharma
 Elanco
 Zoetis
 and Phibro
 among others. No Antibiotics Ever (NAE) poultry production
 relies on effective and economically sound alternatives
 such as vaccines and antimicrobial chemicals
 as well as product candidates offered by ZIVO.

Branded antibiotic solutions include ToDay&#8482; and Masti-Clear; homeopathic solutions include Amoxi-Mast&#8482;; topical and salve solutions include Germicidal teat dips
 Fight Bac&#8482; teat disinfectant spray
 and Sterosol&#8482; Pre/Post Teat Dip. Vaccine and antimicrobial solutions include Lysigin and Spectramast LC&#8482;.

: The global veterinary pain management drugs market is segmented into opioids
 agonists
 Local Anesthetics
 NSAIDs (Non-steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs)
 Disease-modifying Osteoarthritis Drugs (DMOAD) and others. The key players of the global veterinary pain management drugs market are Boehringer Ingelheim
 Zoetis
 Inc.
 Merck Animal Health
 Elanco
 Bayer AG
 Vetoquinol S.A.
 Ceva Sante Animale
 Virbac Group
 Norbrook Laboratories Ltd
 and Dechra Pharmaceuticals.

: Several companies have TLR4 inhibitors currently in development. &nbsp;Eritoran (Eisai Research Institute of Boston
 Andover
 MA) and Resatorvid (TAK-242; Takeda Pharmaceutical Company) appear to be the lead candidates. &nbsp;Their mechanism of action (MOA) is cited as inhibition of the production of lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced inflammatory mediators by binding to the intracellular domain of TLR4. &nbsp;Eritoran has reached the clinical trial stage. &nbsp;



: &nbsp;We believe that our primary competition will come from innovators in food technology such as DSM
 Cognis
 ConAgra
 Cargill and Nestle
 each of which has active M&amp;A efforts
 a large scientific staff and a generous R&amp;D budget to develop supplements and ingredients for a wide range of applications. 

: There are a multitude of dietary supplements marketed for skin health and/or anti-aging applications
 including premium multi-collagen peptides capsules
 Well Roots Biotin Rich Plus Collagen
 Heliocare Skin Care Dietary Supplement
 CoQ10 Supplement
 Vitamin C
 Peptan&#174;
 Verisol&#174;
 and Pure Gold Collagen&#174;.

: Competitors in this area include Grobest
 Biomar
 Aller
 Aqua and Ridley.

: Joint health and post-exertion recovery application is a rapidly growing segment within the nutraceutical and function food spaces
 with substantial crossover. That crossover also extends into medicinal and therapeutic sectors
 where a blend of regulated products such as anti-inflammatories and nutritional products are integrated into a standard of care
 along with hydrotherapy
 physical therapy and related therapies.






 2013
 the Company entered into a collaboration
 confidentiality and option agreement with Zoetis (as amended from time to time
 the &#8220;Zoetis Agreement&#8221;)
 formerly Pfizer Animal Health
 and the world&#8217;s largest animal health company
 pursuant to which the Company is conducting bovine mastitis research. Pursuant to the Zoetis Agreement
 the Company is conducting a validation under the supervision of Zoetis principals
 the results of which will form the basis for an evaluation by Zoetis of ZIVO&#8217;s product candidates. &nbsp;





 the Company granted Zoetis an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive license with the Company for Company proprietary technology
 including its identified and characterized natural molecule and its synthetic fatty acid/polysaccharide complex
 and derivatives/homologs/isomers thereof
 and production of the same (the &#8220;Technology&#8221;). The Company is required to execute a study under the supervision of Zoetis
 the results of which will be used by Zoetis to evaluate whether or not to exercise its option. Within 90 days of its receipt of results
 Zoetis must notify the Company whether or not it wishes to secure an exclusive license
 and the negotiation of such license and payment terms will be made at that time.


 with the current term set to expire on September 26
 2021. As of September 30
 2020
 the Company is in the last phase of its bovine mastitis research program
 including identification and structural analysis of bioactive compounds. Upon delivery of program results
 Zoetis has ninety days to either offer an option payment
 enter into a licensing agreement
 acquire the IP or
 if Zoetis does none of the foregoing
 ZIVO has the right to approach other pharmaceutical companies.




 the Company entered into a limited license agreement with animal nutrition innovator NutriQuest (the &#8220;NutriQuest Agreement&#8221;)
 which holds feed formulation contracts with Tyson
 Purdue
 Smithfield and other large poultry and pork processors around the world. Poultry feed testing has shown that the Company&#8217;s proprietary algal strain may be a natural immune modulator that may enter the market as a natural product or phytogenic feed ingredient
 providing the No Antibiotics Ever (&#8220;NAE&#8221;) producers with a non-medicated feed alternative. 


 ZIVO granted to NutriQuest a limited
 exclusive license to market
 distribute sell and collect the sales proceeds in all ZIVO's nutrition
 feed additive and supplementation applications naturally-derived algal biomass and extraction products (collectively the &quot;Products&quot;) for oral administration in poultry and swine. The Products will be sold under the NutriQuest brand
 with logos and packaging chosen by NutriQuest
 with NutriQuest marketing
 distributing and collecting revenues from sales of the Products. The parties will equally share the gross profit.


 if ZIVO licenses its intellectual property to another party in the animal nutrition market (a &#8220;Competitive Product&#8221;)
 NutriQuest has the right to exercise either of the following two options: 








 ZIVO entered into an exclusive US-only supply agreement with NutriChipz (the &#8220;NutriChipz Agreement&#8221;)
 which provides an exclusive license to NutriChipz to supply our algae as an ingredient in chips and crisps. &nbsp;Under the NutriChipz Agreement
 Nutrichipz will pay ZIVO an amount equal to 130% of the direct cost of ZIVO algal biomass at a U.S. port of entry; provided
 however
 that such cost shall not exceed $15
000 per metric ton. 


 subject to up to two additional two-year terms at the election of NutriChipz. However
 if at any point after the date that is 12 months following the first delivery by ZIVO of two tons of its product to Nutrichipz at an average price per ton of no more than $8
000
 Nutrichipz fails to purchase at monthly cumulative average of at least 10 tons of product
 then ZIVO will be released from the exclusivity obligations. Additionally
 either party may terminate the NutriChipz Agreement if the other party breaches the Nutrichipz Agreement
 and does not cure such breach within 90 days
 or upon certain insolvency
 bankruptcy events of the other party. &nbsp;








 we have secured patent and federal trademark registrations in the U.S. Patent &amp; Trademark Office as described below:




U.S. Patent No. 7
807
622 issued October 5
 2010
 relates to our proprietary complex algal culture. The title of the patent is: &#8220;Composition and use of phyto-percolate for treatment of disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from freshwater mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the potential use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. This patent was filed on November 30
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.&#160;&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 8
586
053 issued November 19
 2013
 relates to our proprietary algal culture. The title of the patent is: &#8220;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of Disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from freshwater mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. The phyto-percolate is believed to contain an activity that induces the reduction of soluble and insoluble fibrin. Further
 the phyto-percolate is believed to reduce oxidative stress in the body. The patent was filed on April 20
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.&#160;&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 8
791
060 issued July 29
 2014
 relates to our proprietary culture. Title of the patent is the same: &#8220;Composition and Use of Phytopercolate for Treatment of disease.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto- percolate that is derived from freshwater mixture including algae. The invention further describes proteolytic activity. The patent was filed on October 4
 2010 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date.&#160;&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 9
486
005 issued November 8
 2016
 relates to our proprietary culture. Title of the patent is: &#8220;Agents and Mechanisms for Treating Hypercholesterolemia.&#8221; This invention relates generally to a method of treating hypercholesterolemia in mammals
 by administering an effective amount of microbial fermentation product and regulating genes involved in lipoprotein metabolism.&#160;&nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 10
161
928 issued December 25
 2018
 relates to a panel for monitoring levels of biomarkers. Title of the patient is: &#8220;Wellness Panel.&#8221; This invention relates generally to an assay having at least one inflammation monitoring test
 at least one oxidative stress monitoring test
 and at least one antioxidant activity monitoring test. A method of monitoring an individual&#8217;s health
 by collecting a sample from the individual applying the sample to an assay panel performing at least one inflammation monitoring test
 at least one oxidative stress monitoring test
 and at least one antioxidant activity monitoring test in the panel
 and determining levels of biomarkers related to inflammation
 oxidative stress
 and antioxidant activity and therefore providing information regarding the individual&#8217;s relative health and/or risk of developing one or more disease. &nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 10
166
270 issued January 1
 2019 relates to disclosing a composition and method for effecting various cytokines and NF-KB. Title of the patent is: Composition and Method for Affecting Cytokines and NF-KB.&#8221; This invention relates generally to administering an effective amount of a phyto-percolate composition to an individual. In various exemplary embodiments
 the composition is claimed to be useful for the effective treatment of inflammation
 cancer
 and/or various infections including HIV by regulation of various interleukins
 such as IL-10 and Il-2
 and of transcription factors including NF-KB. &nbsp;

U.S. Patent No. 10
232
028 issued March 19
 2019 relates to isolates and fractions from a phyto-percolate and methods for affecting various cytokines by administering an effective amount of one or more of said isolates or fractions to an animal. In various exemplary embodiments
 the isolates are useful for the treatment of bovine
 canine and swine infection or inflammation
 including bovine mastitis
 by regulation of TNF-a
 lactoferrin
 INF-y
 IL-B
 serum amyloid-A (SAA)
 IL-6 and/or B-de-fensin associated with infection or an immune response generally.&nbsp;

U.S. Patent 10
765
732 issued September 8
 2020
 title: Compounds and Methods for Affecting Cytokines. This patent relates isolates and fractions from a phyto-percolate and methods for affecting various cytokines by administering an effective amount of one or more of said isolates or fractions to an animal. In various exemplary embodiments
 the isolates are useful for the treatment of bovine
 canine and swine infection or inflammation
 including bovine mastitis.&nbsp;

U.S. Patent 10
842
179 issued November 24
 2020
 title: Agents and Mechanisms for Treating Hypercholesterolemia. This patent relates method of treating hypercholesterolemia in mammals
 by administering an effective amount of a microbial fermentation product
 and regulating genes involved in lipoprotein metabolism. A method of regulating cholesterol levels in a patient by administering an effective amount of a composition chosen from the group consisting of PAZ
 specific components isolated from PAZ
 chemically synthesized analogues of the components of PAZ
 and regulating genes involved in lipoprotein metabolism. A method of treating high cholesterol levels in an individual by administering an effective amount of a microbial fermentation product
 upregulating the expression of at least one of the genes that encode ABCAl
 ApoAl
 and SRBl
 and down-regulating the gene that encodes CETP. A method of preventing the onset of high cholesterol levels and/or a deleterious lipoprotein profile in an individual.&nbsp;





 trade names
 service marks
 and the like which will continue as long as we use those respective marks.













9
486
005

 2016










2
827
401




SN 15/330
830



















88/865
726









88/865
741









10
166
270

 2019















7
807
622

 2010





8
586
053

 2013
This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from freshwater mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. The phyto-percolate is believed to contain an activity that induces the reduction of soluble and insoluble fibrin. Further
 the phyto-percolate is believed to reduce oxidative stress in the body.




8
791
060

 2014





2
631
773













10
232
028

 2019







Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass

15/913
712


Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass




Dietary Supplements
 Food Ingredients and Foods Comprising High-Protein Algal Biomass











1b86/671
322









87/961
009























1
935
731




































15/550
749




3
011
687



















l5/998
619




3
014
897









19
125
173


































63/024
886









86/384
137



















86/340
059


















 trademarks
 copyrights
 trade secrets as well as nondisclosure and assignment of invention agreements
 material transfer agreements
 confidentiality agreements and other measures to protect our IP and other proprietary rights.




 the patent term is 20 years from the date of filing of the patent application (or parent application
 if applicable). For example
 if an international Patent Cooperation Treaty (&#8220;PCT&#8221;) application is filed
 any patent issuing from the PCT application in a specific country expires 20 years from the filing date of the PCT application. In the United States
 using the Paris Convention route
 if a patent was in force on June 8
 1995
 or issued on an application that was filed before June 8
 1995
 that patent will have a term that is the greater of 20 years from the filing date
 or 17 years from the date of issue.


 the term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug
 biological product may also be eligible for patent term extension (&#8220;PTE&#8221;). PTE permits restoration of a portion of the patent term of a U.S. patent as compensation for the patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process if approval of the application for the product is the first permitted commercial marketing of a drug or biological product containing the active ingredient. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an investigational new drug (IND) and the submission date of a biological license application (&#8220;BLA&#8221;) plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a PTE for only one patent applicable to an approved drug
 and the maximum period of restoration is five years beyond the expiration of the patent. A PTE cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval
 and a patent can only be extended once
 and thus
 even if a single patent is applicable to multiple products
 it can only be extended based on one product. Similar provisions may be available in Europe and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. When possible
 depending upon the length of clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of a BLA
 we expect to apply for PTEs for patents covering our therapeutic candidates and products and their methods of use.




 technical know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect such IP and proprietary information by generally requiring our employees
 consultants
 contractors
 scientific collaborators and other advisors to execute non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements upon the commencement of their employment or engagement as the case may be. Our agreements with our employees prohibit them from providing us with any IP or proprietary information of third parties. We also generally require confidentiality agreements or material transfer agreements with third parties that receive or have access to our confidential information
 data or other materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 there can be no assurance that our employees and third parties that have access to our confidential proprietary information will abide by the terms of their agreements. Despite the measures that we take to protect our IP and confidential information
 unauthorized third parties may copy aspects of our products or obtain and use our proprietary information.








 we do not intend to fund and oversee the final regulatory approvals and commercialization processes of our product candidates
 as we expect these to be borne by the licensee in all cases. 




 and producer of culture inoculum for cultivation
 ZIVO and its licensed growers must furnish to customers algal biomass that is compliant with all food and feed standards and regulations of the FDA
 CVM
 USDA
 and the Association of American Feed Control Officials (&#8220;AAFCO&#8221;) regulations.


 the compliance efforts involve GRAS affirmation and an FDA &#8220;No Objection&#8221; letter for each target specie. ZIVO has already obtained GRAS affirmation for human use.


 dietary supplement makers and pharmaceutical companies. In so doing
 each individual application requires testing and validation of safety and efficacy
 per established regulation. Market verticals and compliance standards are closely associated. It stands to reason that entering a particular vertical is based on the economic opportunity
 tempered by the cost and complexity of complying with all relevant standards.







 under a working memorandum with the FDA
 which provides enforcement and litigation on behalf of AAFCO. Recent actions by the FDA and CVM have complicated the compliance process
 and in February 2018
 Company principals engaged Tox Strategies
 Inc. as compliance consultants for poultry GRAS self-affirmation. 


 anything that goes into dairy cows
 beef cattle
 pork or poultry is heavily regulated. In this instance
 the Company intends to sell its dried algal biomass or extracts as a feed ingredient. It is incumbent upon the Company to prove that its algal culture is safe to consume by humans and provides nutritional value to the animal. No claims can be made regarding any of its beneficial properties beyond digestibility
 nutrition and productivity.


 ZIVO retained Pen &amp; Tec Consulting Group
 an animal feed compliance consultancy based in Portugal to assist in EU product registration. ZIVO dried algal biomass has since been classified as a feed material in the EU
 requiring no new research or study
 but a rather time-consuming process of product registration and importation protocols which is still in process as of December 31
 2020.




 treats and supplements
 the supervision and standards are largely handled by the FDA and the CVM on a national level. However
 the standards are not as restrictive as livestock feed. We currently do not have approval to sell companion animal feeds and are in the process of developing the specie-specific safety and health data required to do so. Companion animal products are aimed primarily at dogs and horses. We believe that a single safety/tox study and a separate dose/benefit study per animal applications will be sufficient. As with humans
 we would seek to obtain a GRAS affirmation. 


 an &#8220;application&#8221; is a single ingredient in a single formulation and a single claim for a single animal species. Therefore
 a dietary supplement with the Company&#8217;s active compound
 intended as a joint health supplement for adult dogs
 constitutes a single application. That single application requires its own studies before any dog treat manufacturer would consider licensing or purchasing the Company&#8217;s active compounds. Any change to the claims (more energy
 shinier coat
 etc.) or the target specie requires a new study. This is the current state of regulation
 and it holds true for all human and animal applications.




 whether to prevent spoilage
 optimize processing or to enhance its nutritive value
 must meet standards set and enforced rigorously by the FDA and USDA.




 to be followed by an FDA &#8220;No Objection&#8221; letter and formal product registration.


 ZIVO contracted Burdock Group Consultants to assist the Company in the compliance process
 and to help with the process with the FDA. Further
 the Company retained the New York law firm of Ullman Shapiro Ullman LLP
 now part of Rivkin-Radler LLP
 to advise in the compliance process.


 which allowed for immediate sale of biomass in the U.S. market as a food or beverage agreement at an ADI of 10 grams. However
 ZIVO principals are aiming for a much higher threshold
 approximately 50 times the average ADI for all other microalgae. 


 ZIVO principals will apply for an FDA &#8220;No Objection&#8221; letter
 product registration as a food/beverage ingredient and immediately begin the NDI application process.









 the FDA also requires federal licensing of all food and supplement processing facilities
 in addition to any state and local licensing and inspections
 should the product be produced in the U.S. If produced overseas
 the FDA
 USDA and U.S. Customs require that each grower is enrolled in the Foreign Supplier Verification Program
 a cost to be borne by the grower and ZIVO.




 which include vitamins
 minerals
 nutritive substances and natural products that are standalone products (&#8220;nutraceuticals&#8221;) fall under the jurisdiction of the FDA and must comply with the Dietary Supplement Health Education Act (&#8220;DSHEA&#8221;) legislation passed in 1994 and updated several times since
 along with the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011.




 the Company is required to file an NDI application. As part of the application process
 ZIVO must conduct at least one human study
 and possibly two. These studies can run concurrently but should not be conducted by the same clinical research organization. To date
 ZIVO has not run these studies. One such study is the dose tolerance study used to amend the GRAS filing
 and can be repurposed for this application. Therefore
 Company principals expect that once acceptable algal biomass is available from its contract growers
 the NDI approvals should not exceed 120 days&#8217; duration after the completed studies and application are filed. 




 a study has been conducted and that in-process toxicology reports are available
 the Company is able to market its product.


 the plant or animal is properly classified (in this case
 algae) and the manufacturing process is free of health hazards and that GMP protocols are observed
 all of which the Company intends to meet or exceed.




 mineral or dietary supplement
 whether it is natural or synthetic in composition. The United States Pharmacopeia (&#8220;USP&#8221;) is the official pharmacopeia of the United States. USP establishes written (documentary) and physical (reference) standards for medicines
 food ingredients
 dietary supplement products and ingredients. 


 as well as strength
 quality
 purity
 and consistency. The Company will endeavor to adhere to the most basic USP standard in order to maintain speed to market. It or its licensees will then consider the USP Verified products designation.




 complaints
 and legal actions that arise from time to time in the normal course of business. Management does not believe that the Company is party to any currently pending material legal proceedings as of February 25
 2021. There can be no assurance that existing or future legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.




 in all material respects
 in compliance with local
 state
 and federal environmental laws applicable to our production and waste disposal. The cost of this compliance activity to date has not been material and has been absorbed within our general operations overhead.







 2020
 we had eight full-time employees
 consisting of clinical development
 product development regulatory
 manufacturing
 quality
 finance
 administration and managers. We also regularly use independent contractors across the organization. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 




 quarterly and current reports
 and other information with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC can be viewed at www.sec.gov.





The COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to contain it have significantly adversely affected
 and are likely to continue to significantly adversely affect
 our business
 results of operations
 financial condition
 cash flows
 liquidity and stock price.


 and in particular
 the recent outbreak around the world of the highly transmissible and pathogenic COVID-19 coronavirus. The COVID-19 pandemic and other outbreaks have resulted in and may continue to result in delays in or the suspension of our product development activities
 our regulatory work streams
 our R&amp;D activities and other important commercial functions. We are also dependent upon third parties for the production and growth of our proprietary algae strains.


 we have experienced
 and may continue to experience additional disruptions that could severely impact our business and planned trials
 including:

diversion of contract research organization (&#8220;CRO&#8221;) resources away from the conduct of studies
 including the diversion of available test sites supporting the conduct of field studies and clinical trials;&nbsp;

delays in necessary interactions with academic researchers at universities
 life science research labs
 ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees.&nbsp;


 in our operations as a public company
 prolonged government disruptions
 global pandemics and other natural disasters or geopolitical actions
 including related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 could affect our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic
 our expectation was that we would move forward with the production of our algal biomass
 validation and purification. However
 these were temporarily suspended and/or delayed
 and many continue in diminished capacity.


 the COVID-19 pandemic has exacerbated and precipitated the other risks described herein
 and may continue to do so
 in ways that we are not currently able to predict
 any of which could significantly adversely affect our business
 results of operations
 financial condition
 cash flows
 liquidity or stock price.

We have a history of operating losses
 and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. In addition
 we may be unable to



 2020 was $9
105
729 and our accumulated deficit totaled approximately $99 million as of December 31
 2020
 and approximately $90 million as of December 31
 2019. We do not know whether or when we will become profitable
 if ever. We currently expect operating losses and negative cash flows to continue for at least the next several years.


 either alone or with strategic collaboration partners
 to successfully complete the development of
 and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize our product candidates. 


 2020 have been prepared on the basis that we will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our auditor&#8217;s report for the year ended December 31
 2020 contains an explanatory paragraph that we have incurred significant losses since our inception and we expect that we will continue to incur losses as we aim to successfully execute our business plan and will be dependent on additional public or private financings
 collaborations or licensing arrangements with strategic partners
 or additional credit lines or other debt financing sources to fund continuing operations. Based on our cash balances
 recurring losses since inception and our existing capital resources to fund our planned operations for a 12-month period
 there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As noted below
 we will need to obtain additional funding from equity or debt financings
 which may require us to agree to burdensome covenants
 grant security interests in our assets
 enter into collaboration and licensing arrangements that require us to relinquish commercial rights
 or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable. No assurance can be given at this time as to whether we will be able to achieve our fundraising objectives
 regardless of the terms. If adequate funds are not available
 the Company may be required to reduce operating expenses
 delay or reduce the scope of its product development programs
 obtain funds through arrangements with others that may require the Company to relinquish rights to certain of its technologies or products that the Company would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize itself
 or cease operations.




We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals
 and our failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay
 limit
 reduce or terminate our product development efforts.


 development and product commercialization efforts. In addition
 we will require additional financing to achieve our goals and our failure to do so could adversely affect our commercialization efforts. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we:


seek to maintain
 protect and expand our IP portfolio; and&nbsp;



 it could further increase the costs associated with the above. Further
 the net operating losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year
 such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance.

Our production of algae involves an agricultural process
 subject to such risks as weather
 disease
 contamination and water availability.


 disease and contamination. These risks are unpredictable
 and the efficient and effective cultivation of algae requires consistent light
 warm temperatures
 low rainfall and proper chemical balance in a very nutrient rich environment. If the chemical composition of a pond changes from its required balance
 unusually high levels of contamination due to the growth of unwanted organisms or other biological problems may occur and would result in a loss of harvestable output. These often arise without warning and sometimes there are few or no clear indicators as to appropriate remediation or corrective measures. However
 environmental factors cannot be controlled in an open-air environment
 therefore
 we cannot
 and do not attempt to
 provide any form of assurance with regard to our systems
 processes
 location
 or cost-effectiveness. In the event that our growers need to take steps to correct any chemical imbalance or contamination of their ponds
 including by re-inoculating the ponds
 such measures may not be effective and could interrupt production. To the extent that our production is negatively impacted by environmental factors
 we may be unable to fill large orders for one or more months until such time that production improves.

We rely on third parties to grow our proprietary algae strains and conduct research
 and preclinical and clinical testing
 and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily.


 and do not expect to in the future
 independently conduct any aspects of the growth of our proprietary algae strains
 research and monitoring and management of our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We currently rely
 and expect to continue to rely
 on third parties with respect to these items
 and control only certain aspects of their activities. 


 our commercialization activities or our therapeutic candidate or companion diagnostic development activities may be delayed or suspended. Our reliance on these third parties for R&amp;D activities
 reduces our control over these activities but does not relieve us of our responsibility to ensure compliance with all required legal
 regulatory and scientific standards and any applicable trial protocols.


 including delays in our trials
 or failure to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates
 or it could impact our ability to successfully commercialize our current product candidates.

Because our ZIVO algae is currently produced by a small number of growers
 the loss of any of these growers would have a material adverse impact on our operating results and cash flows.


 and only one of those facilities is producing algae under an ongoing contract. Either of the other two facilities could halt production at any time. Any termination of a business relationship with
 or a significant sustained reduction in business received from
 one of these growers could delay our production efforts
 and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows. We must materially increase the number of our growers and if we cannot
 it will adversely impact our financial condition and our business.




If we fail to attract and keep our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 senior management and key scientific personnel
 we may be unable to successfully develop our therapeutic candidates
 conduct our clinical trials and commercialize our therapeutic candidates.


 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 the loss of whose services may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. Any of our executive officers could leave our employment at any time
 as all our employees are &#8220;at will&#8221; employees. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees
 consultants and advisors for our business
 including scientific and technical personnel
 will also be critical to our success.


 clinical
 manufacturing
 sales and marketing personnel will also be critical to our success. We may not be able to attract and retain these personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition
 we rely on consultants and advisors
 including scientific and clinical advisors
 to assist us in formulating our R&amp;D and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us.




 2020
 all of the Company&#8217;s outstanding convertible notes (the &#8220;Notes
&#8221; described in Note 8 to the Financial Statements) issued to certain accredited investors (the &#8220;Investors&#8221;) are due and payable. The Company has an outstanding principal balance of approximately $5.2 million. 




 we will not have sufficient resources to make the required payments. We do not have sufficient resources to meet our obligations under the Notes unless we are able to raise substantial additional financing on acceptable terms or secure funds from new or existing partners. We cannot assure that financing will be available on favorable terms or at all. Additionally
 these conditions may increase the cost to raise capital. If additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities
 the issuance of such securities would result in dilution to our existing stockholders.

If we are unable to enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates
 if approved
 we may be unable to generate any revenues.


 marketing and distribution capability for our products and the cost of establishing and maintaining such an organization may exceed the cost-effectiveness of doing so. In order to market any products that may be eligible for commercialization
 we must build our sales
 distribution
 marketing
 managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. We have limited prior experience in the marketing
 sale or distribution of approved products and there are significant risks involved in building and managing a sales organization
 including our ability to hire
 retain
 and incentivize qualified individuals
 generate sufficient sales leads
 provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel
 and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales
 marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of our therapeutic candidates.

Because the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results
 we can provide no assurances that our other product candidates will have favorable results in future studies or trials.


 there is no guarantee that the efficacy of any product candidate shown in early studies will be replicated or maintained in future studies and/or larger populations. Similarly
 favorable safety and tolerability data seen in short-term studies might not be replicated in studies of longer duration and/or larger populations. If any product candidate demonstrates insufficient safety or efficacy in any preclinical study or clinical trial
 we would experience potentially significant delays in
 or be required to abandon
 development of that product candidate.


 data obtained from clinical trials are susceptible to varying interpretations. If we delay or abandon our efforts to develop any of our product candidates
 we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to become profitable
 and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be significantly damaged
 each of which would cause our stock price to decrease significantly.




Development of certain of our products involves a lengthy and expensive process
 with uncertain outcomes. We may
 and our current or future licensees may
 incur additional costs or experience delays in completing
 or ultimately be unable to complete
 the development and commercialization of any product.


 and our current or future licensees may
 experience numerous unforeseen events during or as a result of clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our products
 including:



delays may occur in reaching
 or fail to reach
 agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts with third parties or clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites
 the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different trial sites; &nbsp;





 if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates under development or algal biomass or other testing
 if the results of these trials or tests are not favorable or if there are safety concerns
 we may
 or our existing or future licensees may:










 which could impose additional restrictions or requirements on us and increase the cost of doing business. On February 11
 2019
 the FDA issued a statement from FDA Commissioner
 Dr. Scott Gottlieb
 regarding the agency's efforts to strengthen the regulation of dietary supplements. The FDA will be prioritizing and focusing resources on misbranded products bearing unproven claims to treat
 cure
 or mitigate disease. Commissioner Gottlieb established a Dietary Supplement Working Group tasked with reviewing the agency's organizational structure
 process
 procedures
 and practices to identify opportunities to modernize the oversight of dietary supplements. Additionally
 on December 21
 2015
 the FDA created the Office of Dietary Supplements (&#8220;ODSP&#8221;). The creation of this new office elevates the FDA&#8217;s program from its previous status as a division under the Office of Nutrition and Dietary Supplements. ODSP will continue to monitor the safety of dietary supplements.


 the FDA published its revised draft guidance on Dietary Supplements: New Dietary Ingredient  (&#8220;NDI&#8221;) Notifications and Related Issues. If a company sells a dietary supplement containing an ingredient that FDA considers either not a dietary ingredient or an NDI that needs an NDI notification
 the agency may threaten or initiate enforcement against such company. For example
 it might send a warning letter that can trigger consumer lawsuits
 demand a product recall
 or even work with the Department of Justice to bring a criminal action. Our operations could be harmed if new guidance or regulations require us to reformulate products or effect new registrations
 if regulatory authorities make determinations that any of our products do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements
 if the cost of complying with regulatory requirements increases materially
 or if we are not able to effect necessary changes to our products in a timely and efficient manner to respond to new regulations. In addition
 our operations could be harmed if governmental laws or regulations are enacted that restrict the ability of companies to market or distribute nutritional supplements or impose additional burdens or requirements on nutritional supplement companies. 












 in part
 on our ability to obtain patents
 protect our trade secrets and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely upon a combination of patents
 trade secret protection
 and confidentiality agreements to protect the IP of our products. Patents might not be issued or granted with respect to our patent applications that are currently pending
 and issued or granted patents might later be found to be invalid or unenforceable
 be interpreted in a manner that does not adequately protect our products or any future products
 or fail to otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. As such
 we do not know the degree of future protection that we will have on our products
 if any
 and a failure to obtain adequate IP protection with respect to our products could have a material adverse impact on our business. 


 designing around patents held by others or licensing
 potentially for large fees
 patents or other proprietary rights held by others
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. 






&#8221; respectively. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in listing our Common Stock and/or our warrants on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Even if our Common Stock and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market
 we cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our company will lead to the development of any active trading market in our Common Stock and/or warrants or how liquid the market for our Common Stock and/or warrants might become. If a market does not develop or is not sustained it may be difficult for you to sell your securities at the time you wish to sell them
 at a price that is attractive to you
 or at all. You may not be able to sell your Common Stock or warrants at or above the offering price or warrant exercise price per share.











litigation involving our company
 including stockholder litigation; investigations or audits by regulators into the operations of our company; or proceedings initiated by our competitors or clients; &nbsp;
strategic decisions by us or our competitors
 such as acquisitions
 divestitures
 spin-offs
 joint ventures
 strategic investments or changes in business strategy; &nbsp;


terrorist acts
 acts of war or periods of widespread civil unrest; &nbsp;










 2021
 our executive officers
 directors
 5% stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own approximately 62.3% of our voting stock. Therefore
 these stockholders will have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example
 these stockholders
 acting together
 may be able to control elections of directors
 amendments of our organizational documents
 or approval of any merger
 sale of assets
 or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our Common Stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 

Our financial controls and procedures may not be sufficient to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations
 which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and
 as a result
 the value of our Common Stock.


 we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. 


 if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner
 if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected
 and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed
 the SEC
 or other regulatory authorities
 which could require additional financial and management resources. 

As a smaller reporting company
 we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects.


 we are a &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; we are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in our filings with the SEC
 including being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Consequently
 it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 


 we are a non-accelerated filer as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 and
 as such
 are not required to provide an auditor attestation of management&#8217;s assessment of internal control over financial reporting
 which is generally required for SEC reporting companies under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Because we are not required to
 and have not
 had our auditor&#8217;s provide an attestation of our management&#8217;s assessment of internal control over financial reporting
 a material weakness in internal controls may remain undetected for a longer period. 

Our annual and quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts
 each of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline.


 including: 

variations in the level of expenses related to our product candidates
 products or future development programs; &nbsp;
if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval
 the level of underlying demand for these product candidates and wholesalers&#8217; buying patterns; &nbsp;

our execution of any collaborative
 licensing or similar arrangements
 and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these arrangements; &nbsp;


the timing and cost of
 and level of investment in
 R&amp;D activities relating to our product candidates
 which may change from time to time; &nbsp;
our ability to attract
 hire and retain qualified personnel; &nbsp;


the timing and success or failure of clinical studies for our therapeutic candidates or competing product candidates
 or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry
 including consolidation among our competitors or partners. &nbsp;





 the price of our securities could decline substantially. Furthermore
 any annual or quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may
 in turn
 cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that annual and quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 




 your ownership interest may be diluted
 and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing
 if available
 may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions
 such as incurring debt
 making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations
 strategic collaborations or partnerships
 or marketing
 distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties
 we may be required to limit valuable rights to our IP
 technologies
 therapeutic candidates or future revenue streams
 or grant licenses or other rights on terms that are not favorable to us. Furthermore
 any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day- to-day activities
 which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our therapeutic candidates.




 could depress the market price of our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Common Stock. 

Future sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase our Common Stock
 including pursuant to our equity incentive plans
 could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 


 our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell our Common Stock
 convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell our Common Stock
 convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction
 investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. These sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders
 and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders.




 securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation
 it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management&#8217;s attention and resources
 which could harm our business.




 operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 




 2020
 we had 413
035
675 shares outstanding. We also had contractual commitments to issue 327
632
997 additional shares as of December 31
 2020
 consisting of 77
955
991 common shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 249
677
006 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants. This totals a potential 740
668
672 shares outstanding if all debentures were converted and options and warrants exercised. In order to increase the authorized shares to a higher number
 we would need to amend our articles of incorporation
 which would require stockholder approval. There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain the stockholder approval necessary to amend our articles of incorporation to increase our authorized shares.







 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity securities. We have outstanding warrants and convertible debt that may result in substantially more outstanding shares
 which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.








 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320 in a facility we lease encompassing 2
150 square feet. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current needs. If we determine that additional or new facilities are needed in the future
 we believe that sufficient options would be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. We also lease the following: an office (250 square feet) for our CEO at 7 West Square Lake Road
 Bloomfield Hills
 MI 48302 and a laboratory office (817 at square feet) at 46701 Commerce Center Drive
 Plymouth
 MI &nbsp;48170. The combined monthly rent is $12
600.




 complaints
 and legal actions that arise from time to time in the normal course of business. Management does not believe that the Company is party to any currently pending material legal proceedings as of December 31
 2020. There can be no assurance that existing or future legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.










Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 




 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.

Year ended December 31
 2019

































Year ended December 31
 2020




































 2020
 we had 243 shareholders of record.


 due to our need to retain all our cash for operations. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.








 2020 without registration under the Securities Act:















1
000
000
$100
000




12
537
$1
254




400
000
$40
000




150
000
$15
000




600
000
$60
000




500
000
$50
000




178
571
$25
000




500
000
$50
000




173
778
$24
329




73
451
$10
283














300
000





750
000





1
500
000





150
000





3
000
000





30
000





 based on the following facts: in each case
 there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of investors
 each of whom was an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act
 as amended) and/or was (either alone or with his/her purchaser representative) sophisticated about business and financial matters
 each such investor had the opportunity to ask questions of our management and to review our filings with the SEC
 and all shares issued were subject to restrictions on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchasers were not underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the Securities Act.










The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those identified below and those set forth under the section titled &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; and other documents we file with the SEC. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of future results. 




 we are allowed and have elected to omit certain information
 including three years of year-to-year comparisons and tabular disclosure of contractual obligations
 from this Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; however
 we have provided all information for the periods presented that we believe to be appropriate and necessary.




 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) a toll on bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers. Further
 we expect to license our bioactive molecules as lead compounds or templates for synthetic variants intended for therapeutic applications.


 subsidiary
 the Board and management agreed to halt active product development and instead focus on prospective out-licensing of the existing IP
 consisting of a patent and several patents pending. An ongoing commitment to patent prosecution and maintenance of the existing patent has been approved by the Board.



Comparison of Year Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


 2020 and 2019:




Year ended December 31













20
000








20
000


























3
754
913


2
307
033





2
872
339


1
968
878

Selling
 general and administrative



1
948
423


4
076
439





8
575
675


8
352
350





(8
555
675)


(8
352
350)























(550
054)


(3
157
816)

Total other income
 net



(550
054)


(3
157
816)





(9
105
729)


(11
510
166)






 2020 and 2019.


 we had $20
000 and $-0- of service revenue during the 12 months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The Wellmetrix service revenue related to a study design for a pre-clinical trial.







 2020 and 2019.




948
423 for the 12 months ended December 31
 2020
 as compared to $4
076
439 for the comparable prior period. The approximate $2
128
000 decrease in general and administrative expense during 2020 is due primarily to the following: a reduction in of $2
089
000 in salary expense ($2
249
000 non-cash decrease due to stock options issued to employees offset by an increase in headcount resulting in a cash expense increase of $160
000 versus the prior period)
 and a reduction in travel expense of $63
000; partially offset by an increase of $72
000 in insurance expense
 and office/rent expense increase of $3
000.




872
339 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020
 as compared to $1
968
878 for the comparable prior period. The approximate $903
000 increase in professional and consulting expense during 2020 is mainly due to the following: an increase in Director Fees of $1
048
000 (the non-cash portion of Director Fees in 2020 was $1
249
000 for the issuance of 11
500
000 warrants for the purchase of common stock compared to the 2019 issuance of 2
500
000 warrants for the purchase of common stock valued at $193
000
 a difference of $1
056
000)
 cash director fees were $8
000 lower in 2020
 an increase of $90
000 in accounting fees
 an increase of $156
000 in legal fees
 and an increase in filing and listing fees of $29
000
 partially offset by a decrease of $274
000 in financial consulting fees (of which a net non-cash value is $172
000 represented by a value of $438
000 relating to warrants issued in 2020 for 3
300
000 shares of common stock offset by a value of $760
000 relating to warrants issued in 2019 for 8 million shares of common stock)
 a decrease of $141
000 in investment banking fees
 and a decrease of $5
000 in investor relations fees.




 2020
 we incurred $3
754
913 on R&amp;D expenses
 as compared to $2
307
033 for the comparable period in 2019.


 approximately $3
609
000 and $2
206
000 for the 12 months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 are costs associated with research relating to ZIVO. Of these costs in 2020
 $1
492
000 are a non-cash charge relating to stock options granted to employees involved with R&amp;D. Subject to the availability of funding
 our R&amp;D costs will grow as we work to complete the research in the development of natural bioactive compounds for use as dietary supplements and food ingredients
 as well as biologics for medicinal and pharmaceutical applications in humans and animals. The Company&#8217;s scientific efforts are focused on the metabolic aspects of oxidation and inflammation
 with a parallel program to validate and license products for healthy immune response. The decrease of $89
000 of cash expenses from the prior period is due to the reduced availability of cash during this period.


 subsidiary
 we incurred $146
000 and $101
000 in R&amp;D expenses for the 12 months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The R&amp;D effort to date has centered on optimizing dry chemistry
 developing lower-cost alternatives for the proprietary analyzer device
 negotiating and collaborating with offshore manufacturers and assembling the FDA pre-submission package for product classification and approval. The increase of $45
000 from the prior period is due to reinitiating certain limited projects for R&amp;D. As noted above
 the Company has halted active product development and instead is focusing on prospective out-licensing of the existing IP
 consisting of a patent and several patents pending.




 2020
 we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $99 million. We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for at least the next few years.


 2021
 we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $299
000.


 2020
 we incurred negative cash flows from operations of $2
588
415. As of December 31
 2020
 we had a working capital deficiency of $11
226
099 and a stockholders&#8217; deficiency of $11
310
614. Although we recently received funding from the proceeds from the execution of a License Co-Development Participation Agreement and from sales of shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 we have a near term need for additional capital. 




. During the 12 months ended December 31
 2020
 our operating activities used $2
588
415 in cash
 a decrease of cash used of $1
118
882 from the comparable prior period. The approximate $1
120
000 decrease in cash used by operating activities was primarily attributable to the following (all of which are approximated): a $2
404
000 decrease in net loss
 a decrease in non-cash expenses of $1
485
000 (an increase of stock and warrants issued for services of $77
000
 offset by a decrease in amortization of debt issuance costs of $1
188
000
 a decrease in amortization of bond discount of $375
000)
 and $201
000 of changes made up of an increase in deferred revenue of $1
837
000 offset by a decrease in accrued liabilities - $866
000
 a decrease in prepaid expenses/deposits - $9
000 and a decrease in accounts payable - $763
000.

. &nbsp;During the 12 months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were no investing activities.

During the 12 months ended December 31
 2020
 our financing activities generated approximately $2
380
000
 a decrease of approximately $1
285
000 from the comparable prior period. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities was due to an decrease in proceeds of approximately $2
249
000 from the sale of common stock
 $152
000 from the exercise of warrants
 partially offset by an increase in cash from financing activities of $898
000 from proceeds of sale of common stock warrants as part of License Co-Development Participation Agreements (see Note 10 - Deferred Revenue - Participation Agreements)
 $122
000 from the proceeds of loan payable
 and $97
000 from proceeds of loans payable from a related party.


 and we continue to experience a shortage of capital
 which is materially and adversely affecting our ability to run our business. As noted above
 we have been largely dependent upon external sources for funding. We have in the past had difficulty in raising capital from external sources. We are still heavily reliant upon external financing for the continuation of our R&amp;D program.


 excluding our R&amp;D initiatives. Based on this cash requirement
 we have a near term need for additional funding. Historically
 we have had substantial difficulty raising funds from external sources. If we are unable to raise the required capital
 we will be forced to curtail our business operations
 including our R&amp;D activities. The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands):



Twelve months ended December 31




















(2
588
415)



(3
707
297)













2
380
166



3
664
517




(208
249)



(42
780)






 regulatory work streams
 R&amp;D activities and other important commercial functions. The Company is also dependent upon third parties for the production and growth of our proprietary algae strains. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues
 the Company has experienced
 and may continue to experience additional disruptions that could severely impact the business and planned trials
 including:

diversion of CRO resources away from the conduct of studies
 including the diversion of available test sites supporting the conduct of clinical trials; &nbsp;

delays in necessary interactions with academic researchers at universities
 life science research labs
 ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees.&nbsp;


 prolonged government disruptions
 global pandemics and other natural disasters or geopolitical actions
 including related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 could affect the Company&#8217;s ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic
 the expectation was that there would be forward moment with the production of our algal biomass
 validation and purification. However
 these were temporarily suspended and/or delayed
 and many continue in diminished capacity.







 anticipated income streams will be generated from the following:

For ZIVO
 (i) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 isolated natural compounds and synthetic variants thereof
 and (ii) bulk sales of such ingredients.&#160;&nbsp;

For our Wellmetrix
 subsidiary
 the Board and management agreed to halt active product development and instead focus on prospective out-licensing of the existing IP
 consisting of a patent and several patents pending. An ongoing commitment to patent prosecution and maintenance of the existing patent has been approved by the Board.&#160;&nbsp;


















 the Reports thereon
 and the Notes thereto
 commencing on page F-1 of this report
 which Consolidated Financial Statements
 Reports
 Notes and data are incorporated herein by reference.







Based on their evaluation as of December 31
 2020
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and instructions for Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.&#160;&nbsp;

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020. In making this assessment
. Based on our assessment of those criteria
 management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020.&#160;&nbsp;

This Management&#8217;s report is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 unless we specifically state in a future filing that such report is to be considered filed.




There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the quarter ended December 31
 2020 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.&#160;&nbsp;










Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 














Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.





























Articles of Incorporation of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 as amended



Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company
 dated July 24
 2012



Amended Articles of Incorporation dated October 16
 2014 for name change



Certificate to Amendment of Articles of Incorporation dated November 14
 2016



Certificate to Amendment dated May 2
 2019











Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 1
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 1
 2011



Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 1
 2011



IP Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note and the First Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 15
 2013



Second Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 16
 2013



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 17
 2014



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Fourth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated July 1
 2014



Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 1
 2014



Fifth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Sixth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 28
 2015



Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Seventh Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 31
 2015



Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Andrew Dahl
 the Registrant&#8217;s CEO



Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated September 30
 2016



Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



Ninth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 1
 2017



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated April 21
 2017



Limited License Agreement with NutriQuest dated April 20
 2017



Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (Lender) and Strome Mezzanine Fund LP dated October 18
 2017







Ninth Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated January 31
 2018



Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated January 31
 2018



Tenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with HEP Investments
 LLC dated May 16
 2018



Eleventh Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated May 16
 2018



Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement dated December 31
 2018



Debt Extension Agreement HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 29
 2019



Debt Conversion Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 5
 2019



Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Andrew Dahl
 dated as of November 15
 2019







Philip M. Rice Employment Letter
 dated as of March 4
 2020















Supply Chain Agreement with Aegle Partners 2 LLC
 dated February 27
 2019



First Amendment to Supply Chain Agreement with Aegle Partners 2 LLC
 dated September 14
 2019



Second Amendment to Supply Chain Agreement with Aegle Partners 2 LLC
 dated November 24
 2020



Amended &amp; Restated Participation Agreement with Strome Mezzanine Fund LP
 Strome Alpha Fund LP and HEP Investments
 LLC
 dated June 6
 2018







Letter Agreement between Keith Marchiando and ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc.
 dated January 1
 2021



Transition and Release Agreement between Philip Rice and ZIVO Bioscience
 Inc.
 dated January 7
 2021











Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended



Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended













































Filed as Exhibit 3.13 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29
 2015 and incorporated herein by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 3.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on March 25
 2013 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 3.12 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 14
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 16
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 7
 2019 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 17
 2010 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.04 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;




Filed as Exhibit 10.05 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.06 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.07 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.08 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.09 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30
 2012 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 6
 2013 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.29 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.31 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 26
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.32 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 26
 2014 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.33 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1
 2015 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1
 2015 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.39 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 12
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.40 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as 10.41 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5
 2016 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.42 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 6
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.43 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 6
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 12
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 12
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on October 19
 2017 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 12
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 12
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 18
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 18
 2018 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2019 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8
 2019 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8
 2019 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;




Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 12
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.38 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on December 9
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.39 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on December 9
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.40 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on December 9
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.41 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on December 9
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 1.1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on December 9
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2021 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 7
 2021 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;&nbsp;

Filed as Exhibit 21.1 to Form S-1 filed with the Commission on December 9
 2020 and incorporated by this reference.&#160;







 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC.

Date: February 25
 2021


















 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.







Andrew Dahl




Principal Executive Officer CEO
 President
 Director



February 25
 2021



















February 25
 2021











Christopher Maggiore
 







February 25
 2021











Nola Masterson
 







February 25
 2021











John Payne








February 25
 2021











Robert Rondeau
 







February 25
 2021











Alison Cornell
 







February 25
 2021















 Inc.




 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficiency
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the Company has incurred significant operating losses for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 and
 as of December 31
 2020
 has a significant working capital and stockholders&#8217; deficiency. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. &nbsp;Management&#8217;s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




 subjective
 or complex judgments. &nbsp;We determined that there were no critical audit matters.


WOLINETZ
 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.&nbsp;





 NY

 2021





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 




December 31


December 31




























346
111

137
862



23
282

29
953



369
393

167
815

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET















49
364





3
000





52
364



369
393

220
179





















1
372
428

1
559
627

Loans Payable
 Related Parties



9
000





29
172



5
280
342

5
180
342





1
936
800



1
952
606

2
464
724



102
500

214
250



8
707
876

11
393
915







Note Payable
 Other



121
700

Long-Term Operating Lease
 Net of Current Portion



15
178





136
878



8
707
876

11
530
793















Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 1
200
000
000 shares authorized; 396
736
506 and 413
035
675 issued and outstanding at





December 31
 2019 and 2020
 respectively

396
737

413
036



81
222
726

87
340
025



(89
957
946)

(99
063
675)



(8
338
483)

(11
310
614)



369
393

220
179















 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 





December 31




December 31













20
000





20
000















4
076
439

1
948
423



1
968
878

2
872
339



2
307
033

3
754
913



8
352
350

8
575
675









(8
352
350)

(8
555
675)















(374
608)





(2
676
308)

(452
424)



(106
900)

(97
630)









(3
157
816)

(550
054)









(11
510
166)

(9
105
729)



























276
396
362

406
181
771






























 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


 2019 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2020



















Balance
 January 1
 2019
180
036
435

180
037

55
985
626

(78
447
780)

(22
282
117)






192
614



192
614






759
378



759
378






2
653
243



2
653
243


26
500
000

26
500

2
623
500



2
650
000


9
688
917

9
689

972
328



982
017


3
118
359

3
118

308
718



311
836


4
649
291

4
649

460
280



464
929


172
743
504

172
744

17
101
607



17
274
351






165
432



165
432

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2019






(11
510
166)

(11
510
166)












Balance
 December 31
 2019
396
736
506

396
737

81
222
726

(89
957
946)

(8
338
483)






1
248
616



1
248
616






2
302
044



2
302
044






297
248



297
248


3
744
588

3
745

397
121



400
866


8
685
000

8
685

821
715



830
400


2
307
334

2
307

(2
307)






1
362
247

1
362

134
862



136
224

Common stock issued on conversion of Loans Payable
 Related Parties
200
000



19
800



20
000






898
200



898
200

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2020






(9
105
729)

(9
105
729)












Balance
 December 31
 2020 
413
035
675

413
036

87
340
025

(99
063
675)

(11
310
614)





























 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 










December 31


December 31
















(11
510
166)

(9
105
729)









759
378

2
302
044



2
653
243

297
248



192
614

1
248
615



165
432





1
187
817





374
608



















(6
672)





(3
000)



950
002

187
199





1
836
800



1
520
441

654
460



(3
707
297)

(2
588
415)































Proceeds from loans payable
 related parties

32
500

129
000

Proceeds of Loan Payable
 other



121
700





898
200



982
017

830
400



2
650
000

400
866



3
664
517

2
380
166




(42
780)

(208
249)



388
891

346
111



346
111

137
862









































 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 




For the Year Ended December 31
 2020:


 2020
 $100
000 of 11% Convertible Notes
 as well as $36
225 in related accrued interest were converted at $0.10 per share into 1
362
247 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. 


 2020
 a principal shareholder and related party assigned warrants to purchase 3
750
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock to third party investors and such warrants were exercised in the first quarter of 2020 at $0.10 per share resulting in the issuance of 3
750
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $375
000. The Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $453
441 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 128.20% to 142.46%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 0.66% to 1.65%.


 2020
 warrants to purchase 3
880
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock were exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis resulting in the issuance of 1
876
691 shares of common stock.


 2020
 a principal shareholder and related party assigned a warrant to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock to a third-party investor and such warrant was exercised in the second quarter of 2020 at $0.10 per share resulting in the issuance of 500
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50
000. The Company considered the warrant to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $42
090 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility of 133.44%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate of 0.41%.


 2020
 warrants to purchase 920
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock were exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis resulting in the issuance of 333
637 shares of common stock.


 2020
 $20
000 of Loan Payable
 Related Parties were converted at $0.10 per share into 200
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


 2020
 warrants to purchase 800
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock were exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis resulting in the issuance of 73
673 shares of common stock.


 2020
 warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock were exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis resulting in the issuance of 23
333 shares of common stock.


 2020 the Company entered into a lease for a facility located in Fort Myers
 Florida. &nbsp;The lease is for two years in length and has an option to renew. &nbsp;We have accounted for this pursuant to ASC 842 and have recorded an operating lease asset in the amount of $49
984
 and lease liabilities of $49
984


 2020
 $1
254 of accrued interest on Loan Payable
 Related Parties was converted at $0.10 per share into 12
537 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2019:


 2019
 $464
929 of Due to Related Party and Loans Payable &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party were converted at $0.10 per share into 4
649
291 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


 2019
 $12
080
298 of 11% Convertible Notes &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party
 as well as $2
264
470 in related accrued interest were converted at $0.10 per share into 143
447
677 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. 








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 





 2019
 $176
405 of Loan Payable
 Related Parties and related accrued interest of $135
431 were converted at $0.10 per share into 3
118
359 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


 2019
 $2
180
000 of 11% Convertible Notes &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party
 as well as $749
583 in related accrued interest were converted at $0.10 per share into 29
295
827 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. 


 2019
 a principal shareholder and related party assigned warrants to purchase 8
550
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock to third party investors
 such warrants were exercised in the fourth quarter of 2019 at $0.10 per share resulting in the issuance of 8
550
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $855
000. &nbsp;The Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $820
432 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 123.49% to 150.39%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 1.58% to 2.55%.







































ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC
 Wellmetrix
 LLC (fka WellMetris
 LLC)
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.
 (collectively the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. 






105
729 and $11
510
166 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $11
226
100 and a stockholders&#8217; deficiency of $11
310
614 at December 31
 2020. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&#8217;s existing shareholders.




 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.


 2020
 the Company received proceeds of $400
866 from the issuance of Common Stock
 $830
400 from the exercise of Common Stock Warrants
 $2
735
000 from the proceeds from the sale of Participation Agreements and related warrants; $121
700 in Loans Payable
 Other and $129
000 in proceeds from loans payable &#8211;&nbsp;related party.






 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Wellmetrix
 LLC
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.




 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates
 actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.



ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2020
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.








 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2016-02 (ASC 842)
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 and ASU 2019-01
 Codification Improvements
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. ASC 842 eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. 


 and the corresponding operating lease liabilities are recorded as current portion of long-term operating lease
 and within long-term liabilities as long-term operating lease
 net of current portion on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2020.


 we used our incremental borrowing rate
 based on the information available
 in determining the present value of lease payments.




187
817 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense &#8211;&#160;Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company had $-0- unamortized Debt Issuance Costs.




 which utilizes five steps to determine whether revenue can be recognized and to what extent: (i) identify the contract with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s); (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) determine the recognition period. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception
 once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 and whether such promised goods or services are considered distinct. The Company evaluates promised goods or services on a contract-by-contract basis to determine whether each promise represents a good or service that is distinct or has the same pattern of transfer as other promises. A promised good or service is considered distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service independently of other goods/services either in the contract or that can be obtained elsewhere
 without regard to contract exclusivity
 and the entity&#8217;s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contact. If the good or service is not considered distinct
 the Company combines such promises and accounts for them as a single combined performance obligation.


 2020 and 2019
 the Company had $20
000 and $-0- of service revenue
 respectively.




 2020 and 2019 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.




 including internal expenses
 consist of clinical study expenses as it relates to the BioTech business and the development and growing of algae as it relates to the AgTech business. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct business with Company development by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $1
359
000 and $2
043
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &nbsp;Internal expenses
 composed of staff salaries compose approximately $2
396
000 and $264
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.






 2020 and 2019 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards is subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#8220;change in ownership&#8221; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.


 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &#8211;&#160;Income Taxes).




Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#8217;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock options and warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. Issuances of common stock are valued at the closing market price on the date of issuance and the fair value of any stock option or warrant awards is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 options and warrants were granted to employees
 the Board of Directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded expenses of $3
847
907 and $3
605
235 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 respectively.































 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#8217;s employee options and warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#8217;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the warrants.




 2020
 consisted of 77
955
991 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 249
677
006 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2019
 consisted of 73
871
688 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 223
204
339 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. For 2020 and 2019
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.








000 at times during the year.









 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
&#8221; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#8220;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#8221; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Historically the Company has had no revenues. 


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with limited exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. 


 2019. Prior comparative periods were not required to be restated and the ASUs have not had an impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 2020 and 2019 consist of the following:



December 31


December 31










20
000

20
000



80
000

80
000



100
000

100
000



(100
000)

(100
000)










 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




 2020
 the Company entered into a 25 &#189; month lease agreement for a 2
700-square-foot facility that contains office
 warehouse
 lab and R&amp;D space in Ft. Myer
 Florida. The lease agreement commenced on December 17
 2020 and ends on January 31
 2023. The agreement provided for a total rent of $54
993 over the period. Occupancy of the property commenced on December 17
 2020
 there was a 6-week rent holiday and a commencement date of February 1
 2021. Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. &nbsp;Rent is $3
291 per month from January 15
 2021 to January 31
 2022 and $1
154 from February 1
 2022 to January 31
 2023.







December 31
 2020



49
984











29
172

  &nbsp;Long-Term Operating Lease
 Net of Current Portion 

15
178



44
350




ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
















December 31
 2020
















December 31
 2020






























December 31
 2020



6
091



As of December 31
 2020
 the maturities of our operating lease liability are as follows:





December 31
 2021

31
759

December 31
 2022

15
989

December 31
 2023

1
154



48
902



4
552



44
350



29
172



15
178




ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




As of January 1
 2019
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC (&#8220;HEP&#8221;)
 a related party
 a total of $432
429. During the year ended December 31
 2019 the company borrowed an additional $110
500 in working capital. The total of $542
929 was repaid with cash of $78
000 and $464
929 by issuing 4
649
291 shares of common stock at $0.10 per share. &nbsp;&nbsp;


 2020 and 2019
 there were no outstanding balances due to related parties related to the Company&#8217;s convertible debt.

NOTE 7 &#8211;&#160;LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES



year ended December 31
 2020
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 advanced $20
000 to the Company. On September 15
 2020
 he applied $20
000 of the loan balance to fund the purchase of 200
000 shares of a warrant for 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share (see Note 11 &#8211;&nbsp;Stockholders&#8217; Deficit). The remaining 50
000 warrants were exercised through a cash free transaction into 3
704 shares. The Company agreed to pay interest of 11% per annum on these loans. On October 21
 2020
 Mr. Maggiore converted the remaining $1
254 of accrued interest due into 12
537 of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. 


 2020 and December 31
 2019
 the Company recorded interest expense on loans payable to Mr. Maggiore of $1
254 and $40
364
 respectively.

HEP Investments
 LLC


 2020
 HEP advanced the Company $139
000 in cash
 of which $30
000 was repaid while $100
000 was converted into a License Co-Development Participation Agreement on October 4
 2020. As of the year ended December 31
 2020
 HEP is owed $9
000 (See Note 15 &#8211;&nbsp;Subsequent Events).



HEP Investments
 LLC &#8211;&#160;Related Party


 2011
 the Company and HEP
 a Michigan limited liability company (the &#8220;Lender&#8221;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through May 16
 2018: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender agreed to advance up to $20
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) an 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $20
000
000 (&#8220;Convertible Note&#8221;) (of which a total of $18
470
640 was funded
 with a total of $14
380
298 converted into 143
702
981 shares of common stock
 leaving a balance advanced of $4
090
342 as of December 31
 2020)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision) which expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $20
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
 and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Convertible Note and related documents. The Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&#8217;s restricted common stock at $0.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. In addition
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#8217;s obligations under the Convertible Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#8217;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers. In January 2019
 and in connection with the Convertible Note
 the Lender entered into a life insurance policy for Andrew Dahl
 our Chief Executive Officer. &nbsp;On February 23
 2021
 the Company and Lender entered into a Letter Agreement in which the Company agreed to pay certain premiums of $2
565 per month under the life insurance policy while payments under the Convertible Note remain outstanding. &nbsp;See Note 15 &#8211;&nbsp;Subsequent Events.



ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 2018
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $1
968
801 of Notes in the amount of $819
854 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &#8220;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#8211;&nbsp;Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&#8221; (ASC 470-20) as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. In accordance with ASC 470-20
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $613
758 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $206
096 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company amortized the debt discount over the term of the debt. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $206
096 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.59% to 180.14%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09% to 3.04% The Company amortized the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts were $-0- and $374
608 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 2019
 the Company and the Lender entered a &#8220;Debt Extension Agreement&#8221; whereby the Lender extended the maturity date of the Note to June 30
 2019. The Lender received no additional consideration related to this debt extension. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#8220;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#8221;


 the Company issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $165
432 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 156.60%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.64%.


 2019
 the Lender converted $14
260
298 of the debt and $3
014
052 of accrued interest into 172
743
505 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (at $0.10 per share).


 2020
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $4
090
342 convertible debt
 including related accrued interest of $1
973
241
 would be 60
635
835 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.


 2020
 the Company has not made the required annual interest payments and principal payments to the Lender. As the Company has not received a notice of default
 pursuant to the terms of the Notes
 the Company does not currently consider itself in default. Were the Company to default
 additional interest would accrue at a rate of 16% per annum.

Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt


 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). The agreement provided that Paulson could provide up to $2 million in financings through &#8220;accredited investors&#8221; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#8220;New Lenders&#8221;). Each loan included a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#8220;New Lenders Notes&#8221;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP whereby HEP and the New Lenders agree to participate in all collateral on a pari passu basis. The loans had a two-year term and matured September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson received a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $0.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $0.10 per share. The New Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&#8217;s restricted common stock at $0.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum.


 2018
 one New Lender converted $300
000 of the debt and $64
280 of accrued interest into 3
642

 2019
 one of the New Lenders bought the note of another New Lender. 


 2020
 two New Lenders converted $100
000 of the debt and $36
225 of accrued interest into 1
362
246 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (at $0.10 per share).




ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt (continued)


 2020
 the Company has not made the required annual interest payments to five (5) New Lenders and is in default.  The Company is in discussions through intermediaries with the remaining three (3) New Lenders to determine their intentions. 


 pursuant to the terms of the Notes
 we do not currently consider ourselves in default to the three (3) remaining investors. Were the Company to be considered in default
 additional interest would accrue at a rate of 16% per annum. 




 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30-day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. As of December 31
 2020
 that agreement is still in place. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#8220;Modifications and Extinguishments.&#8221;




December 31


December 31








1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2021

240
000

240
000

11% Convertible note payable &#8211;&#160;HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $-0- and $-0-
 respectively
 due June 30
 2019 (as of December 31
 2020 no notice of default has been received)

4
090
342

4
090
342

11% Convertible note payable &#8211;&#160;New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019 (as of December 31
 2020 no notice of default has been received)

850
000

950
000



5
180
342

5
280
342









5
180
342

5
280
342










608 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.






 2020
 The Company received $121
700 in loan funding from the Paycheck Protection Program (the &quot;PPP&quot;) established pursuant to the recently enacted Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the &quot;CARES Act&quot;) and administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (&quot;SBA&quot;). The unsecured loan (the &quot;PPP Loan&quot;) is evidenced by a promissory note of the Company
 dated April 29
 2020 (the &quot;4.29.20 Note&quot;) in the principal amount of $121
700 with Comerica Bank (the &quot;Bank&quot;)
 the lender.


 interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of 1.0% per annum. The term of the 4.29.20 Note is two years
 though it may be payable sooner in connection with an event of default under the 4.29.20 Note. To the extent the loan amount is not forgiven under the PPP
 the Company will be obligated to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest beginning on the date that is seven months from the date of the 4.29.20 Note
 until the maturity date. The 4.29.20 Note may be prepaid in part or in full
 at any time
 without penalty.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 the Company may apply for forgiveness for all or a part of the PPP Loan. The amount of loan proceeds eligible for forgiveness
 as amended
 is based on a formula that takes into account a number of factors
 including: (i) the amount of loan proceeds that are used by the Company during the covered period after the loan origination date for certain specified purposes including payroll costs
 interest on certain mortgage obligations
 rent payments on certain leases
 and certain qualified utility payments
 provided that at least 75% of the loan amount is used for eligible payroll costs; (ii) the Company maintaining or rehiring employees
 and maintaining salaries at certain levels; and (iii) other factors established by the SBA. Subject to the other requirements and limitations on loan forgiveness
 only that portion of the loan proceeds spent on payroll and other eligible costs during the covered period will qualify for forgiveness. Although the Company currently intends to use the entire amount of the PPP Loan for qualifying expenses
 no assurance is provided that the Company will obtain forgiveness of the PPP Loan in whole or in part.











Does not disclose
 or anyone acting on their behalf does not disclose
 any material fact to Lender or SBA;&nbsp;

Makes
 or anyone acting on their behalf makes
 a materially false or misleading representation to Lender or SBA;&nbsp;

Defaults on any loan or agreement with another creditor
 if Lender believes the default may materially affect the Company's ability to pay the 4.29.20 Note;&nbsp;









Has any adverse change in financial condition or business operation that Lender believes may materially affect the Company's ability to pay the 4.29.20 Note
 provided that this provision shall not apply to adverse changes or conditions resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic and the circumstances giving rise to the CARES Act;&nbsp;

Reorganizes
 merges
 consolidates
 or otherwise changes ownership or business structure
 (2) makes any distribution of the Company's assets that would adversely affect its financial condition
 or (3) transfers (including by pledge) or disposes of any assets except in the ordinary course of business
 in each case without Lender's prior written consent; or&nbsp;




 the Lender has customary remedies and may
 among other things
 require immediate payment of all amounts owed under the 4.29.20 Note
 collect all amounts owing from the Company
 and file suit and obtain judgment against the Company.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 2020
 the Company entered into seventeen (17) License Co-Development Participation Agreements (&#8220;Agreements&#8221;) totaling $2
835
000 with certain parties (&#8220;Participants&#8221;). The Agreements provide for payments by the Company to the Participants of an aggregate of 42.525% of fees generated by the Company from licensing or selling bioactive ingredients or molecules (including its TLR4 Inhibitor molecule) derived from the Company&#8217;s algae cultures and actually received from any licensee of the Company (the &#8220;Revenue Share&#8221;). The Agreements also call for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8
055
000 shares of common stock with a term of five years and at exercise prices of either $0.11 or $0.12 per share (See the Table below).


 and pursuant to ASC 470-10-25 &#8220;Debt &#8211;&nbsp;Sales of Future Revenues&#8221; the Company has bifurcated the proceeds of $2
835
000 as follows: 1) the 8
055
000 warrants sold were attributed a value of $898
200 based on the Black Scholes pricing model using the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 143.94% to 154.38%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 0.26% to 0.44%
 and recorded as Additional Paid In Capital; 2) the remaining $1
936
800 was recorded as Deferred Revenue &#8211;&nbsp;Participation Agreements. Since the Company believes there is a rebuttable presumption pursuant to ASC 470-10-25.2
 the Deferred Revenue &#8211;&nbsp;Participation Agreements will be amortized into income
 using an estimate to be determined by Management
 if and when the Company derives income from the license or sale of bioactive ingredients or molecules (including its TLR4 Inhibitor molecule) derived from the Company&#8217;s algae cultures. 


 title and interest in the Revenue Share for an amount equal to the amount funded plus a forty percent (40%) premium. The Company may exercise its Option by delivering written notice to the Participant of its intent to exercise the Option
 along with repayment terms of the amount funded
 which may be paid
 in the Company&#8217;s sole discretion
 in one lump sum or in four (4) equal quarterly payments. 


 title and interest in the Revenue Share for an amount equal to the amount funded plus a forty percent (40%) premium
 if the Option is exercised in less than 18 months
 or a fifty percent (50%) premium if the Option is exercised after 18 months. Pursuant to the terms of Agreements #5 through #17
 with the exception of Agreement #12
 the Company may not exercise its Option until it has paid the Participant a revenue share equal to a minimum of thirty percent (30%) of the amount initially funded. With regard to Agreement #12
 the Company may not exercise its Option until it has paid the Participant a revenue share equal to a minimum of one-hundred and eighty percent (180%) of the amount initially funded. Once this minimum threshold is met
 the Company may exercise its Option by delivering written notice to the Participant of its intent to exercise the Option
 along with repayment terms of the amount funded
 which may be paid
 in the Company&#8217;s sole discretion
 in one lump sum or in four (4) equal quarterly payments. If the Company does not make such quarterly payments timely for any quarter
 then the Company shall pay the prorated Revenue Share amount
 retroactive on the entire remaining balance owed
 that would have been earned during such quarter until the default payments are made and the payment schedule is no longer in default.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





















































April 13
 2020

100
000

300
000















April 13
 2020

150
000

450
000















April 13
 2020

150
000

450
000















May 7
 2020

250
000

750
000















June 1
 2020

275
000

825
000







82
500







June 3
 2020

225
000

675
000







67
500







July 8
 2020

100
000

300
000







30
000







Aug. 24
 2020

125
000

375
000







37
500







Sept. 14
 2020

150
000

450
000







45
000







Sept.15
 2020

50
000

150
000







15
000







Sept.15
 2020

50
000

150
000







15
000







Sept.25
 2020

300
000

450
000







420
000







Oct. 4
 2020

100
000

300
000







30
000







Oct. 4
 2020

250
000

750
000







75
000







Oct. 8
 2020

500
000

1
500
000







150
000







Oct. 9
 2020

50
000

150
000







15
000







Dec. 16
 2020

10
000

30
000







3
000









2
835
000

8
055
000







985
500














 2019
 the shareholders of the Company voted for approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 700
000
000 shares to 1
200
000
000 shares. The Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation has been filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada.




 2020
 ZIVO&#8217;s stockholders approved a reverse stock split of its Common Stock within the range of 1-for-25 to 1-for-120 of our authorized
 issued
 and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Board
 in its discretion
 will determine the final ratio
 effective date
 and date of filing of the certificate of amendment to our articles of incorporation
 as amended
 in connection with the reverse stock split. The Board has not yet finalized the stock-split
 therefore all option
 share and per share information in this Annual Report on Form 10K does not give effect to any proposed reverse stock split.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES






On September 26
 2019
 the board of directors granted to each of its directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $192
614 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 185.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.66%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


 2020
 the board of directors granted to three of its directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock and the Chairman of the Board warrants to purchase 10 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $1
248
616 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 144.93%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.28%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.


280
366 and $232
614 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 representing the cash fees paid or accrued and the value of the vested warrants described above.




 in connection with a Supply Consulting Agreement
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 for a term of five years. The warrants were valued at $529
023 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.49%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.34% (See Note 9 &#8211;&nbsp;Commitments and Contingencies: Supply Chain Consulting Agreement). In October 2019
 2
000
000 of those warrants were returned to the Company resulting in a reduction in the value of $211
609. In August 2019
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $231
032 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.75%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.58%. In October 2019
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a development consultant. The warrants were valued at $129
762 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.34%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.55%. In December 2019
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.18 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $61
424 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.68%.


 2020
 the parties entered into a Second Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement whereby the issuance to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock was reduced to thirteen million (13
000
000) shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 and a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase three million (3
000
000) shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock was issued to a member of the Consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $386
348 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 148.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.39%.




 2020
 the Company issued 3
744
588 shares of its common stock at an average price of $0.11 per share for proceeds of $400
866. Of this amount
 3
732
051 shares ($399
612 of proceeds) were issued to private investors and 12
537 shares ($1
254 of proceeds) were issued to Mr. Maggiore
 a related party. 


 2019
 the Company issued 26
500
000 shares of its common stock at $0.10 per share
 for proceeds of $2
650
000. &nbsp;Of this amount
 20
500
000 shares ($2
050
000 of proceeds) were issued to private investors and 6
450
000 shares ($645
000 of proceeds) were issued to HEP
 a related party. The Company also issued to HEP warrants to purchase 1
060
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years in connection with the issuances. Investors exercised 9
688
917 common stock warrants
 at an average price of $0.10 per share
 for proceeds of $982
017. &nbsp;HEP
 a related party
 exercised 618
750 of those warrants at an average of $0.08 per share
 representing $50
000 of the proceeds.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 2020
 HEP
 a principal shareholder and related party
 assigned warrants to purchase 4
250
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock to third party investors. These warrants were exercised at $0.10 per share resulting in proceeds of $425
000. Due to the nature of this transaction
 the Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $495
501 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 128.20% to 142.46%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 0.41% to 1.65%. 


 2020
 warrants to purchase 5
650
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock were exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis resulting in the issuance of 2
307
334 shares of common stock.


 the Company issued 8
685
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock at an average price of $0.10 per share for proceeds of $830
400 from the exercise of warrants. &nbsp;Mr. Maggiore
 a related party
 exercised 200
000 of those warrants at an exercise price of $0.10 per share
 representing $20
000 of the proceeds (from the conversion of a Loan Payable
 See Note 7 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties).


 2019
 HEP
 a principal shareholder and related party
 assigned warrants to purchase 8
550
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock to third party investors. These warrants were exercised in the fourth quarter at $0.10 per share resulting in a capital raise of $855
000. Due to nature of this transaction
 the Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $820
432 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 123.49% to 150.39%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 1.58% to 2.55%.




 the Company sold warrants to purchase 8
055
000 shares of common stock for $898
200. The warrants were valued based on the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.94% to 154.26%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.26% to 0.44%.




 2019
 after approval from the Board
 the Company entered into and adopted the 2019 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2019 Incentive Plan&#8221;) for the purpose of enhancing the Registrant&#8217;s ability to attract and retain highly qualified directors
 officers
 key employees and other persons and to motivate such persons to improve the business results and earnings of the Company by providing an opportunity to acquire or increase a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future success of the Company. The 2019 Incentive Plan will be administered by the compensation committee of the Board who will
 amongst other duties
 have full power and authority to take all actions and to make all determinations required or provided for under the 2019 Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the 2019 Incentive Plan
 the Company may grant options
 share appreciation rights
 restricted shares
 restricted share units
 unrestricted shares and dividend equivalent rights.


 the aggregate number of common shares (&#8220;Shares&#8221;) available for issuance under the 2019 Incentive Plan is One Hundred Two Million (102
000
000) Shares. The exercise price of each Share subject to an Option (as defined in the 2019 Incentive Plan) shall be at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Incentive Plan) (except in the case of a more than 10% shareholder of the Company
 in which case the price should not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value) on the date of the grant of a Share and shall have a term of no more than ten years.  As of December 31
 2020
 49
500
000 Options have been issued with terms between 5 years and 10 years. Based on certain performance milestones
 the grant agreements also provide for the issuance of an additional 13
000
000 options of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan) on the date of the grant of a Share and with a term of no more than ten years
 issuance of an additional 13
000
000 options of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan) on the date of the grant of a Share and with a term of no more than ten years.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES










December 31
 2020

December 31
 2019



















Outstanding
 beginning of year

29
000
000









20
500
000



29
000
000



Outstanding
 end of period

49
500
000



29
000
000





Options outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2020 were as follows:





























28
000
000






28
000
000






1
500
000






1
500
000






3
000
000













3
500
000






3
500
000






1
500
000






1
125
000






2
000
000






2
000
000






10
000
000






3
000
000






49
500
000






39
125
000






ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 2020
 the Company entered into an employment letter with Philip Rice
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement
 Mr. Rice will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for one year
 with successive automatic renewals for one-year terms
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on at least sixty days&#8217; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of the Agreement. Mr. Rice will receive an annual base salary
 commencing on January 1
 2020
 of $280
000 (&#8220;Base Salary&#8221;). The Base Salary shall increase to $300
000
 when the following event occurs: within one (1) year after the Effective Date
 the Company enters into a term sheet and receives the related financing to receive at least $15
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt (&#8220;Third Party Financing&#8221;) on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company (the &#8220;Board&#8221;). On the date the Agreement was executed
 Mr. Rice received a $25
000 retention bonus and was issued a fully-vested nonqualified stock option to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a price $0.15 per share with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $297
248 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 163.68%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.02%). 


000 and a fully-vested nonqualified stock option to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock exercisable at a price equal to the sixty (60) day trailing quoted price of the Common Stock of the Company in the OTC market
 10 year term
 upon the closing
 prior to December 31
 2020
 of Third Party Financing which raises at least $15
000
000
 as long as Mr. Rice was employed at the time of closing or was employed within one year prior to the closing. If
 upon the closing prior to December 31
 2021 of Third Party Financing which raises at least $10
000
000 for the Company
 Mr. Rice shall receive an additional bonus of $50
000
 as long as Mr. Rice was employed at the time of closing or if employed within one year prior to the closing.


 100% of Mr. Rice&#8217;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. Mr. Rice&#8217;s Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
 a lump sum payment of 300% of base salary and payment of 24 months of the base salary in such event. 


 nonqualified stock option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a price equal to the sixty (60) day trailing quoted price of the Common Stock of the Company in the OTC market
 10 year term.


 as compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest. On February 12
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.10. The warrants were valued at $4
766 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.46%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.53%. On May 13
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.10. The warrants were valued at $4
800 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.72%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.18%. On August 7
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.08. The warrants were valued at $3
850 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.57%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.59%. On October 28
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.08. The warrants were valued at $3
859 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 186.77%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.66%.




ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES










December 31
 2020

December 31
 2019

























Outstanding
 beginning of year

194
204
339



192
148
956





23
005
000



12
783
672





(14
365
000)



(9
688
917)









(345
205)





(2
667
333)



(694
167)













Outstanding
 end of period

200
177
006



194
204
339





Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2020 were as follows:










































1
000
000





1
000
000






16
050
000





16
050
000






2
500
000





2
500
000






30
418
477





30
418
477






225
000





225
000






124
773
734





124
773
734






3
704
795





3
704
795






18
555
000





18
555
000






2
550
000





2
550
000






400
000





400
000






200
177
006





200
177
006






ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a disease caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) to be a pandemic. &nbsp;Global pandemics and other natural disasters or geopolitical actions
 including related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 could affect the Company&#8217;s ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic
 the expectation was that there would be forward moment with the production of our algal biomass
 validation and purification. However
 these were temporarily suspended and/or delayed
 and many continue in diminished capacity.




 Andrew Dahl
 is serving as Chief Executive Officer under the terms of an employment agreement dated November 29
 2019 (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) that superseded and replaced all prior employment agreements and understandings. Under the terms of the Agreement
 Mr. Dahl&#8217;s agreement provides for a term of three years
 with successive automatic renewals for one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Dahl Agreement on at least 60 days&#8217; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of Mr. Dahl&#8217;s employment. Mr. Dahl has received an annual base salary
 commencing on June 1
 2019
 of $440
000 (&#8220;Base Salary&#8221;)
 of which $7
500 per month will be deferred until either of the following events occur: (i) within five (5) years after the Effective Date
 the Company enters into a term sheet to receive at least $25
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) including funding at closing on such terms of at least $10 million; or (ii) within 12 months after the Effective Date that the Company receives revenue of at least $10 million. The Company has accrued $120
000 of the deferred salary as of September 30
 2020
 reflected in accrued expenses on the Balance Sheet. The Base Salary is subject to annual review and increase (but not decrease) by the Board during the Employment Term with minimum annual increases of 4% over the previous year&#8217;s Base Salary.


 2020 to December 31
 2020) (&#8220;Year One&#8221;)
 the Company shall pay Mr. Dahl a bonus equal to 50% of his Base Salary if the Company achieves revenues for Year One which are (w) at least $500
000; and (x) greater than that for the 12-month period immediately preceding Year One. In addition
 for 2021 fiscal year (January 1
 2021 through December 31
 2021) (&#8220;Year Two&#8221;)
 the Company shall pay Mr. Dahl a bonus equal to 50% of the Base Salary if the Company achieves revenues for Year Two which are (y) at least $500
000; and (z) greater than that for Year One. 




 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: (i) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
000
000 common shares upon identification of bioactive agents in the Company product and filing of a patent with respect thereto; (ii) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon entering into a contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments; (iii) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays); (iv) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays); and (v) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. 


 Wellmetrix

 if and when at least $2 million in equity capital is raised from a third party and invested in Wellmetrix in an arms-length transaction
 Mr. Dahl shall be granted a warrant to purchase an equity interest in Wellmetrix that is equal to the equity interest in Wellmetrix owned by the Company at the time of the first tranche of any such capital raise (the &#8220;Wellmetrix Warrant&#8221;). The Wellmetrix Warrant shall be fully vested as of the date it is granted and shall expire on the tenth (10th) anniversary of the grant date. Once granted
 the Wellmetrix Warrant may be exercised from time to time in whole or in part
 with Mr. Dahl retaining any unexercised portion. The exercise price for the Wellmetrix Warrant shall be equal to the fair market value of the interest in Wellmetrix implied by the pricing of the first tranche of any such capital raise. 


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 100% of Mr. Dahl&#8217;s unvested options will be fully vested. Mr. Dahl&#8217;s Employment Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
 300% of base salary and 2x the amount of the Revenue Bonus in such event. 


 2019
 the milestone relating to the identification of bioactive agents in the Company product and the filing of a patent with respect thereto was met
 thereby triggering the option to purchase 1
000
000 common shares. As per the Agreement
 the Company issued a non-qualified option to purchase 1 million shares of the Company according to the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $0.14 with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $138
806 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 164.37%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.84%). 


 2019
 the Company issued a non-qualified option to purchase 28 million shares of the Company according to the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $2
497
161 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 164.20%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.84%).




 2019
 effective July 9
 2019
 the Company entered into an agreement with an Investment Opportunity Provider (IOP). The IOP has been engaged as an exclusive financial advisor in connection with the proposed securities offering and sale of up to $35 million of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock. The Company has agreed to pay the IOP
 upon the acceptance of a successful funding transaction
 a fee of 1% of the aggregate value of the transaction and a warrant to purchase up to 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 for a term of five years. As of December 31
 2020
 in connection with this agreement
 no successful funding transactions have taken place and no warrants have been issued.




 2020
 the Company entered into a Financial Consulting and Corporate Advisory Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;). The Agreement calls for a non-refundable initial fee of $25
000 and two additional monthly fees of $15
000 per month. To the extent a transaction (defined as the sale of equity securities
 hybrid debt and equity securities or the entering into any fund capital
 joint venture
 buy out
 or similar transactions) is entered into
 then the Company will pay an 8% fee based on the value of the transaction. A 50% credit of the initial fee and monthly fees will be credited against the 8% fee. This Agreement can be cancelled at any time by either party
 however
 there is a 24-month period where the 8% transaction will be payable based on identified transaction participants. This Agreement was cancelled in July 2020.




 2020
 the Company entered into an Advisory Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;). The Agreement calls for monthly fees of $10
000 per month. The Agreement is on a month-to-month renewal basis. Upon each renewal (starting with the second month)
 the Company shall issue a warrant to purchase 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 for a term of five years. The Company issued warrants to purchase 450
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 for a term of five years valued at $51
278 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 144.93% to 145.50%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.29% to 0.32% The Company terminated this Agreement in October 2020.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







 2019
 the Company entered into a Supply Chain Consulting Agreement with a consultant (&#8220;Consultant&#8221;) (see Note 11 &#8211;&nbsp;Stockholders&#8217; Deficiency). In May 2019
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 for a term of five years to the Consultant. The warrants were valued at $529
023 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.49%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.34%. In October 2019
 2
000
000 of those warrants were returned to the Company resulting in a reduction in the value of $211
609. On September 14
 2019
 the parties entered into a First Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement (&#8220;Supply Consulting Agreement Amendment&#8221;). The Supply Consulting Agreement Amendment provides that the Consultant will identify and help negotiate the terms of potential joint ventures involving algae production development projects or related transactions or business combinations (&#8220;Development Project&#8221;). The Supply Consulting Agreement provides for exclusivity in Southeast Asia; Oceania; Indian subcontinent; and Africa; with regions in the Middle East by mutual agreement. The closing of a Development Project (as acceptable to the Company) is defined as the date that the Company is able
 financially and otherwise
 to proceed with engineering and construction of algae production facilities
 processing or warehousing facilities and supply chain development
 or related business combinations rendering an equivalent outcome (in the reasonable determination of the Company)
 for the production
 processing
 transport
 compliance
 marketing and resale of its proprietary algae biomass. Upon the closing of a Development Project
 the Company will pay cash fees of $300
000 to Consultant
 pay an on-going monthly fee of $50
000 for 24 months and issue to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000

 2020
 
 the parties entered into a Second Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement whereby the issuance to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock was reduced to thirteen million (13
000
000) shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 and a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase three million (3
000
000) shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock was issued to a member of the Consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $386
348 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 148.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.39%. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2020
 the Development Project has not closed
 and the warrants have not yet been issued. 


000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share at its discretion. As of December 31
 2020
 such warrant has not been issued.




 2019
 the Company entered into a Marketing / Public Relations Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with a consultant (&#8220;Consultant&#8221;). The Agreement provides that the Consultant will assist the Company in identifying and assist in the negotiation of potential licensing
 product sales
 joint ventures and venture financing of projects outside of the United States and provide advice for the Company&#8217;s long-term business strategy and commercial relationships. The Agreement calls for the issuance of warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price based on the closing market price on the day of issuance
 with a five-year term. For commercial transactions whose value is determined and agreed to by both parties exceeding $1
000
000 (&#8220;Qualifying Transaction&#8221;)
 the Company shall issue to Consultant a warrant to purchase common stock in the amount of 500
000 shares. For each successive Qualifying Transaction of at least $1
000
000
 the Consultant shall be issued 300
000 shares up to a maximum cumulative award of 5
000
000 shares in warrant form in total. Further
 the Company will pay a 4% commission on the revenue received on the sale of Company algal product to one or more entities identified and cultivated by Consultant
 and on the revenue received from licensing the Company&#8217;s intellectual property to such entities identified and cultivated by Consultant
 for a period of three (3) years from the effective date of a qualifying transaction. The Agreement also calls for a $5
000 payment upon signing and monthly payments of $5
000 once a Qualifying Transaction
 the sale of an algal product or revenue from a licensing transaction occurs. As of December 31
 2020
 a commercial transaction has not closed
 and the warrants have not yet been issued and no commissions have been paid.




 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES











 and Note 15 &#8211;&nbsp;Subsequent Event for additional arrangements made in connection with certain such loans. 
















 2019 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $72
890
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2020 through 2040. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.

At December 31
 2020 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $19
680
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 27% and the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to a decrease in the valuation allowance of approximately $1
041
000 in 2020.






 2021
 the Board of Directors appointed Keith Marchiando as the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and the Company entered into an employment letter with Mr. Marchiando (&#8220;Marchiando Agreement&#8221;). Under the terms of the Marchiando Agreement
 Mr. Marchiando will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for one year
 with successive automatic renewals for one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Marchiando Agreement on at least sixty days&#8217; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of the Marchiando Agreement. Mr. Marchiando will receive an annual base salary
 commencing on January 1
 2021
 of $280
000 (&#8220;Marchiando Base Salary&#8221;). The Marchiando Base Salary shall increase to $300
000 if within one (1) year after the effective date
 the Company enters into a term sheet and receives the related financing to receive at least $10
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt (&#8220;Third Party Financing&#8221;) on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company. On January 1
 2021
 Mr. Marchiando received a stock option award issued pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2019 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan to purchase 13
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;)
 with an exercise price of $0.14 per share and a 10-year life. Vesting of these options shall be as follows: 3
000
000 shares vested immediately upon grant of the option award
 and 1
250
000 shares will vest on each six-month anniversary of January 1
 2021. &nbsp;The option to purchase the shares has a total value of $1
779
065 based on a Black Scholes valuation model with a volatility of 143.89%
 a 0% dividend rate
 and a discount rate of 0.36%. &nbsp;The Company will record an expense of $410.553 in the first quarter of 2021 and $171
064 on the eight subsequent six-month anniversaries of the Marchiando Agreement.


ZIVO BIOSCIENCE
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







000 upon the closing
 prior to December 31
 2021
 of a Third Party Financing that raises at least $10
000
000. If
 upon the closing prior to December 31
 2021 of a Third Party Financing that raises over $13
000
000 for the Company
 Mr. Marchiando shall receive a maximum bonus of $50
000
 as long as Mr. Marchiando is employed at the time of closing.


 or without Cause
 or if Mr. Marchiando resigns for Good Reason (each as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) or if either party does not renew the employment term
 Mr. Marchiando will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: a continuation of the Marchiando Base Salary for one year
 payment of an amount equal to Mr. Marchiando&#8217;s target bonus in the year of termination and a fully-vested
 nonqualified stock option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock. Additionally
 all outstanding and contingent nonqualified options owned directly or beneficially by Mr. Marchiando shall be converted immediately into vested options
 with terms as specified in the applicable award agreement.


 vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Marchiando Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
 a lump sum payment of 200% of the Marchiando Base Salary
 200% of Mr. Marchiando&#8217;s Performance Bonus (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) earned in the last 12 months preceding the Change of Control and payment of 24 months of the Marchiando Base Salary in such event.




 an existing account payable to Mr. Marchiando in the amount of $26
400 became an amount due to a related party. &nbsp;Prior to his appointment
 Mr. Marchiando performed consulting services for the Company in the fourth quarter of 2020.




 2021
 Mr. Rice resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 and following a transition period
 agreed to resign from all positions as an officer or employee of the Company effective as of January 31
 2021 (the &#8220;Separation Date&#8221;). The Separation Agreement provides that Mr. Rice will receive certain benefits that he is entitled to receive under his employment agreement dated March 4
 2020. &nbsp;Accordingly
 under the Separation Agreement
 the Company has agreed to pay Mr. Rice his base salary of $280
000 for one year and three weeks
 beginning on the Separation Date
 and grant him an option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock for $0.14 per share and a five-year life.  The option to purchase the shares has a total value of $125
061 based on a Black Scholes valuation model with a volatility of 143.89%
 a 0% dividend rate
 and a discount rate of 0.36%. &nbsp;The Company will expense the full amount in the first quarter of 2021.  Mr. Rice remains subject to the restrictive covenants in his employment agreement.




 2021
 the Company
 through direct private transactions
 has received proceeds from the sale of 5
310
435 shares of common stock in the amount of $705
000 from six (6) private investors. &nbsp;The average selling price per share was $0.1328.




 in connection with the Lender&#8217;s Convertible Note
 the Lender took out a life insurance policy on Andrew Dahl
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer. On February 23
 2021
 the Company entered into a letter agreement with the Lender pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay certain life insurance premiums as long as the Convertible Note remains outstanding. 





 2021
 the Company entered into three (3) additional Agreements totaling $105
000 with third parties (&#8220;Additional Participants&#8221;). The total investment of $105
000 came from cash in the amount of $96
000 and the conversion of a Note Payable &#8211;&nbsp;Related Party of $9
000. &nbsp;The Agreements provide for payments by the Company to the Additional Participants of an additional aggregate of 1.575% of fees generated by the Company from licensing or selling bioactive ingredients or molecules (including the Revenue Share). The Agreements also call for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 315
000 shares of common stock with a term of five years and at exercise prices of $0.14 per share. The warrants to purchase the shares has a total value of $40
799 based on a Black Scholes valuation models with a volatility between 139.55% and 140.20%
 a 0% dividend rate
 and a discount rate range of 0.41% to 0.45%. &nbsp;The Company will record an expense for the full amount in the first quarter of 2021. 














 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED


 Andrew D. Dahl
 certify that:


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;);&#160;


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;&#160;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;&#160;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;&#160;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&#160;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and&#160;


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and&#160;


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):&#160;


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and&#160;


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&#160;

Date: February 25
 2021





























 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.








CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Keith Marchiando
 certify that:

 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;);&#160;


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;&#160;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;&#160;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;&#160;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&#160;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and&#160;


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and&#160;


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):&#160;


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and&#160;


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&#160;


Date: February 25
 2021





























 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350
 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Andrew D. Dahl
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. &#160;






 2021














 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350
 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Keith Marchiando
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. &#160;






 2021

















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20201231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt



































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20201231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.





	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC
 Wellmetrix
 LLC (fka WellMetris
 LLC)
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.
 (collectively the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal


105
729 and $11
510
166 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $11
226
100 and a stockholders&amp;#146; deficiency of $11
310
614 at December 31
 2020. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&amp;#146;s existing shareholders.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset- carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company received proceeds of $400
866 from the issuance of Common Stock
 $830
400 from the exercise of Common Stock Warrants
 $2
735
000 from the proceeds from the sale of Participation Agreements and related warrants; $121
700 in Loans Payable
 Other and $129

	
	
	
	

 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Wellmetrix
 LLC
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounting Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates
 actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2020
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Property and equipment consist of furniture and office equipment and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2016-02 (ASC 842)
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 and ASU 2019-01
 Codification Improvements
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. ASC 842 eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Operating lease assets are included within operating lease right-of-use assets
 and the corresponding operating lease liabilities are recorded as current portion of long-term operating lease
 and within long-term liabilities as long-term operating lease
 net of current portion on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Because our lease does not provide an implicit rate of return
 we used our incremental borrowing rate
 based on the information available
 in determining the present value of lease payments.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs (as amended) as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Debt Issuance Costs are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related notes. Amortization of debt issuance costs amounted to $-0- and $1
187
817 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense &amp;#150;&amp;#160;Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company had $-0- unamortized Debt Issuance Costs.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Revenue is recognized in accordance with revenue recognition accounting guidance
 which utilizes five steps to determine whether revenue can be recognized and to what extent: (i) identify the contract with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s); (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) determine the recognition period. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception
 once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Significant judgments exercised by management include the identification of performance obligations
 and whether such promised goods or services are considered distinct. The Company evaluates promised goods or services on a contract-by-contract basis to determine whether each promise represents a good or service that is distinct or has the same pattern of transfer as other promises. A promised good or service is considered distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service independently of other goods/services either in the contract or that can be obtained elsewhere
 without regard to contract exclusivity
 and the entity&amp;#146;s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contact. If the good or service is not considered distinct
 the Company combines such promises and accounts for them as a single combined performance obligation.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had $20
000 and $-0- of service revenue
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Research and development (&amp;#147;R&amp;amp;D&amp;#148;) costs are expensed as incurred. The Company&apos;s R&amp;amp;D costs
 including internal expenses
 consist of clinical study expenses as it relates to the BioTech business and the development and growing of algae as it relates to the AgTech business. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct business with Company development by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $1
359
000 and $2
043
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &amp;nbsp;Internal expenses
 composed of staff salaries compose approximately $2
396
000 and $264
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards is subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &amp;#147;change in ownership&amp;#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &amp;#150;&amp;#160;Income Taxes).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150;&amp;#160;Stock Compensation. &lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock options and warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. Issuances of common stock are valued at the closing market price on the date of issuance and the fair value of any stock option or warrant awards is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During 2020 and 2019
 options and warrants were granted to employees
 the Board of Directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded expenses of $3
847
907 and $3
605
235 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The fair value of options and warrants were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expected volatility &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;144.39% to 184.19%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150.34% to 186.77%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5-10 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.28% to 2.31%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.58% to 2.55%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee options and warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the warrants.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of options and warrants and conversions of debentures. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2020
 consisted of 77
955
991 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 249
677
006 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2019
 consisted of 73
871
688 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 223
204
339 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. For 2020 and 2019
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred. There were no Advertising Costs during the years 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current FDIC limit of $250
000 at times during the year.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Certain items in these consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Enacted Accounting Standards&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Historically the Company has had no revenues. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with limited exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company has adopted both of the ASUs on January 1


 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Wellmetrix
 LLC
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC and Zivo Biologic


 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates
 actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted


 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2020

	

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2016-02 (ASC 842)
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 and ASU 2019-01
 Codification Improvements
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. ASC 842 eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Operating lease assets are included within operating lease right-of-use assets
 and the corresponding operating lease liabilities are recorded as current portion of long-term operating lease
 and within long-term liabilities as long-term operating lease
 net of current portion on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Because our lease does not provide an implicit rate of return
 we used our incremental borrowing rate
 based on the information available


187
817 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense &amp;#150;&amp;#160;Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019

	
	

 which utilizes five steps to determine whether revenue can be recognized and to what extent: (i) identify the contract with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s); (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) determine the recognition period. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception
 once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Significant judgments exercised by management include the identification of performance obligations
 and whether such promised goods or services are considered distinct. The Company evaluates promised goods or services on a contract-by-contract basis to determine whether each promise represents a good or service that is distinct or has the same pattern of transfer as other promises. A promised good or service is considered distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service independently of other goods/services either in the contract or that can be obtained elsewhere
 without regard to contract exclusivity
 and the entity&amp;#146;s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contact. If the good or service is not considered distinct
 the Company combines such promises and accounts for them as a single combined performance obligation.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had $20
000 and $-0- of service revenue




 including internal expenses
 consist of clinical study expenses as it relates to the BioTech business and the development and growing of algae as it relates to the AgTech business. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct business with Company development by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $1
359
000 and $2
043
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &amp;nbsp;Internal expenses
 composed of staff salaries compose approximately $2
396
000 and $264
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


 2020 and 2019 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards is subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &amp;#147;change in ownership&amp;#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22


 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150;&amp;#160;Stock Compensation. &lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock options and warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. Issuances of common stock are valued at the closing market price on the date of issuance and the fair value of any stock option or warrant awards is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During 2020 and 2019
 options and warrants were granted to employees
 the Board of Directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded expenses of $3
847
907 and $3
605
235 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The fair value of options and warrants were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expected volatility &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;144.39% to 184.19%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150.34% to 186.77%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5-10 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.28% to 2.31%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.58% to 2.55%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee options and warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2020
 consisted of 77
955
991 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 249
677
006 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2019
 consisted of 73
871
688 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 223
204
339 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. For 2020 and 2019
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&amp;#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Historically the Company has had no revenues. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with limited exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company has adopted both of the ASUs on January 1


 2020 and 2019 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;There were no depreciation and amortization expenses for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(100

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2020
 the Company entered into a 25 &amp;#189;&amp;nbsp;month lease agreement for a 2
700-square-foot facility that contains office
 warehouse
 lab and R&amp;amp;D space in Ft. Myer
 Florida. The lease agreement commenced on December 17
 2020 and ends on January 31
 2023. The agreement provided for a total rent of $54
993 over the period. Occupancy of the property commenced on December 17
 2020
 there was a 6-week rent holiday and a commencement date of February 1
 2021. Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. &amp;nbsp;Rent is $3
291 per month from January 15
 2021 to January 31
 2022 and $1
154 from February 1
 2022 to January 31
 2023.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The balances for our operating lease where we are the lessee are presented as follows within our condensed consolidated balance sheet:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Operating leases:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Operating lease right-of-use asset &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;49
984&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt; Liabilities: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Current Portion of Long-Term Operating Lease &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
172&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long-Term Operating Lease
 Net of Current Portion &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
178&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;44
350&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The components of lease expense are as follows within our condensed consolidated statement of operations:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Operating lease expense &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;620&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Other information related to leases where we are the lessee is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.08 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Discount rate:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;11.00%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Supplemental cash flow information related to leases where we are the lessee is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;6
091&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2020
 the maturities of our operating lease liability are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Year Ended: &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Operating Lease&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;December 31
 2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;31
759&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;December 31
 2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
989&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;December 31
 2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
154&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;48
902&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Less: Interest&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4
552&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Present value of lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;44
350&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
172&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Long-term portion of lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Operating lease right-of-use asset &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;49
984&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt; Liabilities: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Current Portion of Long-Term Operating Lease &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
172&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long-Term Operating Lease
 Net of Current Portion &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
178&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;44






 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;6


 2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;31
759&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;December 31
 2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
989&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;December 31
 2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
154&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;48
902&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Less: Interest&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4
552&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Present value of lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;44
350&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
172&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:8.25pt&apos;&gt;Long-term portion of lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15


 2019
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC (&amp;#147;HEP&amp;#148;)
 a related party
 a total of $432
429. During the year ended December 31
 2019 the company borrowed an additional $110
500 in working capital. The total of $542
929 was repaid with cash of $78
000 and $464
929 by issuing 4
649
291 shares of common stock at $0.10 per share. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2020 and 2019

	
	

 RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Christopher Maggiore&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2020
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 advanced $20
000 to the Company. On September 15
 2020
 he applied $20
000 of the loan balance to fund the purchase of 200
000 shares of a warrant for 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share (see Note 11 &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficit). The remaining 50
000 warrants were exercised through a cash free transaction into 3
704 shares. The Company agreed to pay interest of 11% per annum on these loans. On October 21
 2020
 Mr. Maggiore converted the remaining $1
254 of accrued interest due into 12
537 of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;During the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 the Company recorded interest expense on loans payable to Mr. Maggiore of $1
254 and $40
364
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;HEP Investments
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2020
 HEP advanced the Company $139
000 in cash
 of which $30
000 was repaid while $100
000 was converted into a License Co-Development Participation Agreement on October 4
 2020. As of the year ended December 31
 2020
 HEP is owed $9

	

 LLC &amp;#150;&amp;#160;Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP
 a Michigan limited liability company (the &amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through May 16
 2018: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender agreed to advance up to $20
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) an 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $20
000
000 (&amp;#147;Convertible Note&amp;#148;) (of which a total of $18
470
640 was funded
 with a total of $14
380
298 converted into 143
702
981 shares of common stock
 leaving a balance advanced of $4
090
342 as of December 31
 2020)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision) which expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $20
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
 and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Convertible Note and related documents. The Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $0.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the Convertible Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers. In January 2019
 and in connection with the Convertible Note
 the Lender entered into a life insurance policy for Andrew Dahl
 our Chief Executive Officer. On February 23
 2021
 the Company and Lender entered into a Letter Agreement in which the Company agreed to pay certain premiums of $2
565 per month under the life insurance policy while payments under the Convertible Note remain outstanding. See Note 15 Subsequent Events.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $1
968
801 of Notes in the amount of $819
854 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &amp;#147;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&amp;#148; (ASC 470-20) as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. In accordance with ASC 470-20
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $613
758 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $206
096 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company amortized the debt discount over the term of the debt. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $206
096 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.59% to 180.14%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09% to 3.04% The Company amortized the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts were $-0- and $374
608 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On March 29
 2019
 the Company and the Lender entered a &amp;#147;Debt Extension Agreement&amp;#148; whereby the Lender extended the maturity date of the Note to June 30
 2019. The Lender received no additional consideration related to this debt extension. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In October 2019
 the Company issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $165
432 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 156.60%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.64%.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Lender converted $14
260
298 of the debt and $3
014
052 of accrued interest into 172
743
505 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (at $0.10 per share).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2020
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $4
090
342 convertible debt
 including related accrued interest of $1
973
241
 would be 60
635
835 shares
 not including any future interest charges which may be converted into common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has not made the required annual interest payments and principal payments to the Lender. As the Company has not received a notice of default
 pursuant to the terms of the Notes
 the Company does not currently consider itself in default. Were the Company to default
 additional interest would accrue at a rate of 16% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Paulson Investment Company
 LLC - Related Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). The agreement provided that Paulson could provide up to $2 million in financings through &amp;#147;accredited investors&amp;#148; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &amp;#147;New Lenders&amp;#148;). Each loan included a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#147;New Lenders Notes&amp;#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP whereby HEP and the New Lenders agree to participate in all collateral on a pari passu basis. The loans had a two-year term and matured September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson received a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
 $0.10 warrants equal to 15% of the number of common shares for which the debt is convertible into at $0.10 per share. The New Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $0.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On September 24
 2018
 one New Lender converted $300
000 of the debt and $64
280 of accrued interest into 3
642
800 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (at $0.10 per share). On May 8
 2019
 one of the New Lenders bought the note of another New Lender. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On January 15
 2020
 two New Lenders converted $100
000 of the debt and $36
225 of accrued interest into 1
362
246 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (at $0.10 per share).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The New Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $0.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The New Lenders Notes must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has not made the required annual interest payments to five (5) New Lenders and is in default. &amp;nbsp;The Company is in discussions through intermediaries with the remaining three (3) New Lenders to determine their intentions. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As the Company has not received notices of default
 pursuant to the terms of the Notes
 we do not currently consider ourselves in default to the three (3) remaining investors. Were the Company to be considered in default
 additional interest would accrue at a rate of 16% per annum. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In September 2014
 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30-day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. As of December 31
 2020
 that agreement is still in place. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Convertible debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;text-indent:-8.1pt;margin-left:8.1pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150;&amp;#160;HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $-0- and $-0-
 respectively
 due June 30
 2019 (as of December 31
 2020 no notice of default has been received)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4
090
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4
090
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;text-indent:-8.1pt;margin-left:8.1pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150;&amp;#160;New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019 (as of December 31
 2020 no notice of default has been received)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;850
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;950
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
180
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
280
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
180
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
280
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Amortization of debt discounts was $-0- and $374
608 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 due January 2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;240
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;text-indent:-8.1pt;margin-left:8.1pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150;&amp;#160;HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $-0- and $-0-
 respectively
 due June 30
 2019 (as of December 31
 2020 no notice of default has been received)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4
090
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4
090
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;text-indent:-8.1pt;margin-left:8.1pt&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150;&amp;#160;New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019 (as of December 31
 2020 no notice of default has been received)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;850
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;950
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
180
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
280
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
180
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5
280

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2020
 The Company received $121
700 in loan funding from the Paycheck Protection Program (the &amp;quot;PPP&amp;quot;) established pursuant to the recently enacted Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the &amp;quot;CARES Act&amp;quot;) and administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (&amp;quot;SBA&amp;quot;). The unsecured loan (the &amp;quot;PPP Loan&amp;quot;) is evidenced by a promissory note of the Company
 dated April 29
 2020 (the &amp;quot;4.29.20 Note&amp;quot;) in the principal amount of $121
700 with Comerica Bank (the &amp;quot;Bank&amp;quot;)
 the lender.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;Under the terms of the 4.29.20 Note and the PPP Loan
 interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of 1.0% per annum. The term of the 4.29.20 Note is two years
 though it may be payable sooner in connection with an event of default under the 4.29.20 Note. To the extent the loan amount is not forgiven under the PPP
 the Company will be obligated to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest beginning on the date that is seven months from the date of the 4.29.20 Note
 until the maturity date. The 4.29.20 Note may be prepaid in part or in full
 at any time
 without penalty.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;The CARES Act and the PPP provide a mechanism for forgiveness of up to the full amount borrowed. Under the PPP
 the Company may apply for forgiveness for all or a part of the PPP Loan. The amount of loan proceeds eligible for forgiveness
 as amended
 is based on a formula that takes into account a number of factors
 including: (i) the amount of loan proceeds that are used by the Company during the covered period after the loan origination date for certain specified purposes including payroll costs
 interest on certain mortgage obligations
 rent payments on certain leases
 and certain qualified utility payments
 provided that at least 75% of the loan amount is used for eligible payroll costs; (ii) the Company maintaining or rehiring employees
 and maintaining salaries at certain levels; and (iii) other factors established by the SBA. Subject to the other requirements and limitations on loan forgiveness
 only that portion of the loan proceeds spent on payroll and other eligible costs during the covered period will qualify for forgiveness. Although the Company currently intends to use the entire amount of the PPP Loan for qualifying expenses
 no assurance is provided that the Company will obtain forgiveness of the PPP Loan in whole or in part.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;The 4.29.20 Note contains customary events of default as follows. The Company:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Fails to make a scheduled payment;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Fails to do anything required by the 4.29.20 Note and other Loan Documents;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Defaults on any other loan with Lender;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Is not eligible to receive a loan under the PPP when the Loan is made;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Does not disclose
 or anyone acting on their behalf does not disclose
 any material fact to Lender or SBA;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Makes
 or anyone acting on their behalf makes
 a materially false or misleading representation to Lender or SBA;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Defaults on any loan or agreement with another creditor
 if Lender believes the default may materially affect the Company&apos;s ability to pay the 4.29.20 Note;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Fails to pay any taxes when due;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Becomes the subject of a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Has a receiver or liquidator appointed for any part of its business or property;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Has any adverse change in financial condition or business operation that Lender believes may materially affect the Company&apos;s ability to pay the 4.29.20 Note
 provided that this provision shall not apply to adverse changes or conditions resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic and the circumstances giving rise to the CARES Act;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Reorganizes
 merges
 consolidates
 or otherwise changes ownership or business structure
 (2) makes any distribution of the Company&apos;s assets that would adversely affect its financial condition
 or (3) transfers (including by pledge) or disposes of any assets except in the ordinary course of business
 in each case without Lender&apos;s prior written consent; or&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Symbol;margin-left:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/kbd&gt;Becomes the subject of a civil or criminal action that Lender believes may materially affect the Company&apos;s ability to pay the 4.29.20 Note.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;text-indent:-18pt;margin-left:36pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt&apos;&gt;Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 the Lender has customary remedies and may
 among other things
 require immediate payment of all amounts owed under the 4.29.20 Note
 collect all amounts owing from the Company


 2020
 the Company entered into seventeen (17) License Co-Development Participation Agreements (&amp;#147;Agreements&amp;#148;) totaling $2
835
000 with certain parties (&amp;#147;Participants&amp;#148;). The Agreements provide for payments by the Company to the Participants of an aggregate of 42.525% of fees generated by the Company from licensing or selling bioactive ingredients or molecules (including its TLR4 Inhibitor molecule) derived from the Company&amp;#146;s algae cultures and actually received from any licensee of the Company (the &amp;#147;Revenue Share&amp;#148;). The Agreements also call for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8
055
000 shares of common stock with a term of five years and at exercise prices of either $0.11 or $0.12 per share (See the Table below).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;According to the terms of the Agreements
 and pursuant to ASC 470-10-25 &amp;#147;Debt &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Sales of Future Revenues&amp;#148; the Company has bifurcated the proceeds of $2
835
000 as follows: 1) the 8
055
000 warrants sold were attributed a value of $898
200 based on the Black Scholes pricing model using the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 143.94% to 154.38%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 0.26% to 0.44%
 and recorded as Additional Paid In Capital; 2) the remaining $1
936
800 was recorded as Deferred Revenue &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Participation Agreements. Since the Company believes there is a rebuttable presumption pursuant to ASC 470-10-25.2
 the Deferred Revenue &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Participation Agreements will be amortized into income
 using an estimate to be determined by Management
 if and when the Company derives income from the license or sale of bioactive ingredients or molecules (including its TLR4 Inhibitor molecule) derived from the Company&amp;#146;s algae cultures. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Agreements #1 through #4 allow the Company the option (&amp;#147;Option&amp;#148;) to buy back the right
 title and interest in the Revenue Share for an amount equal to the amount funded plus a forty percent (40%) premium. The Company may exercise its Option by delivering written notice to the Participant of its intent to exercise the Option
 along with repayment terms of the amount funded
 which may be paid
 in the Company&amp;#146;s sole discretion
 in one lump sum or in four (4) equal quarterly payments. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Agreements #5 through #17 allow the Company the Option to buy back the right
 title and interest in the Revenue Share for an amount equal to the amount funded plus a forty percent (40%) premium
 if the Option is exercised in less than 18 months
 or a fifty percent (50%) premium if the Option is exercised after 18 months. Pursuant to the terms of Agreements #5 through #17
 with the exception of Agreement #12
 the Company may not exercise its Option until it has paid the Participant a revenue share equal to a minimum of thirty percent (30%) of the amount initially funded. With regard to Agreement #12
 the Company may not exercise its Option until it has paid the Participant a revenue share equal to a minimum of one-hundred and eighty percent (180%) of the amount initially funded. Once this minimum threshold is met
 the Company may exercise its Option by delivering written notice to the Participant of its intent to exercise the Option
 along with repayment terms of the amount funded
 which may be paid
 in the Company&amp;#146;s sole discretion
 in one lump sum or in four (4) equal quarterly payments. If the Company does not make such quarterly payments timely for any quarter
 then the Company shall pay the prorated Revenue Share amount
 retroactive on the entire remaining balance owed
 that would have been earned during such quarter until the default payments are made and the payment schedule is no longer in default.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement #&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Date of Funding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount Funded&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Threshold&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Buy-back&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Premium %&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;pre-18 mos.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Buy-back&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Premium %&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;post 18 mos.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;April 13
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;April 13
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.250%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;April 13
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.250%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;May 7
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;750
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;June 1
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;275
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;825
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.125%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;82
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;June 3
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;675
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.375%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;67
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;July 8
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;8&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Aug. 24
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;125
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;375
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.875%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;37
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;9&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept. 14
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.250%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;45
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept.15
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept.15
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept.25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;420
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 4
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 4
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;750
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;75
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 8
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 9
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Dec. 16
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.150%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
835
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;8
055
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;42.525%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;985


 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;April 13
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.250%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;April 13
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.250%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;May 7
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;750
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;June 1
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;275
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;825
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.125%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;82
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;June 3
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;675
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.375%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;67
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;July 8
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;8&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Aug. 24
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;125
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;375
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.875%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;37
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;9&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept. 14
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.250%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;45
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept.15
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept.15
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Sept.25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;450
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;420
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 4
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 4
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;750
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;75
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 8
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7.500%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Oct. 9
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;150
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.750%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;15
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Dec. 16
 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;5 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.150%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;40%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;50%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
835
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;8
055
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;42.525%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;985


 2019
 the shareholders of the Company voted for approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 700
000
000 shares to 1
200
000
000 shares. The Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation has been filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reverse Stock Split&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On November 11
 2020
 ZIVO&amp;#146;s stockholders approved a reverse stock split of its Common Stock within the range of 1-for-25 to 1-for-120 of our authorized
 issued
 and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Board
 in its discretion
 will determine the final ratio
 effective date
 and date of filing of the certificate of amendment to our articles of incorporation
 as amended
 in connection with the reverse stock split. The Board has not yet finalized the stock-split
 therefore all option
 share and per share information in this Annual Report on Form 10K does not give effect to any proposed reverse stock split.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Board of Directors fees&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On September 26
 2019
 the board of directors granted to each of its directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $192
614 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 185.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.66%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On September 30
 2020
 the board of directors granted to three of its directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock and the Chairman of the Board warrants to purchase 10 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $1
248
616 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 144.93%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.28%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
000 for each annual term served.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company recorded directors&amp;#146; fees of $1
280
366 and $232
614 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 representing the cash fees paid or accrued and the value of the vested warrants described above.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In May 2019
 in connection with a Supply Consulting Agreement
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 for a term of five years. The warrants were valued at $529
023 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.49%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.34% (See Note 9 &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Commitments and Contingencies: Supply Chain Consulting Agreement). In October 2019
 2
000
000 of those warrants were returned to the Company resulting in a reduction in the value of $211
609. In August 2019
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $231
032 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.75%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.58%. In October 2019
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a development consultant. The warrants were valued at $129
762 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.34%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.55%. In December 2019
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.18 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $61
424 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.10%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.68%.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On November 24
 2020
 the parties entered into a Second Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement whereby the issuance to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock was reduced to thirteen million (13
000
000) shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 and a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase three million (3
000
000) shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock was issued to a member of the Consultant. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $386
348 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 148.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.39%.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company issued 3
744
588 shares of its common stock at an average price of $0.11 per share for proceeds of $400
866. Of this amount
 3
732
051 shares ($399
612 of proceeds) were issued to private investors and 12
537 shares ($1
254 of proceeds) were issued to Mr. Maggiore
 a related party. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company issued 26
500
000 shares of its common stock at $0.10 per share
 for proceeds of $2
650
000. &amp;nbsp;Of this amount
 20
500
000 shares ($2
050
000 of proceeds) were issued to private investors and 6
450
000 shares ($645
000 of proceeds) were issued to HEP
 a related party. The Company also issued to HEP warrants to purchase 1
060
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years in connection with the issuances. Investors exercised 9
688
917 common stock warrants
 at an average price of $0.10 per share
 for proceeds of $982
017. &amp;nbsp;HEP
 a related party
 exercised 618
750 of those warrants at an average of $0.08 per share
 representing $50
000 of the proceeds.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Warrants Exercised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2020
 HEP
 a principal shareholder and related party
 assigned warrants to purchase 4
250
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock to third party investors. These warrants were exercised at $0.10 per share resulting in proceeds of $425
000. Due to the nature of this transaction
 the Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $495
501 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 128.20% to 142.46%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 0.41% to 1.65%. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2020
 warrants to purchase 5
650
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock were exercised on a &amp;#147;cashless&amp;#148; basis resulting in the issuance of 2
307
334 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In addition
 the Company issued 8
685
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock at an average price of $0.10 per share for proceeds of $830
400 from the exercise of warrants. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Maggiore
 a related party
 exercised 200
000 of those warrants at an exercise price of $0.10 per share
 representing $20
000 of the proceeds (from the conversion of a Loan Payable
 See Note 7 - Loan Payable
 Related Parties).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2019
 HEP
 a principal shareholder and related party
 assigned warrants to purchase 8
550
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock to third party investors. These warrants were exercised in the fourth quarter at $0.10 per share resulting in a capital raise of $855
000. Due to nature of this transaction
 the Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $820
432 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 123.49% to 150.39%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 1.58% to 2.55%.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Sale of Common Stock Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In connection with the License Co-Development Participation Agreements (&amp;#147;Participation Agreements&amp;#148;) (see Note 10)
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 8
055
000 shares of common stock for $898
200. The warrants were valued based on the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.94% to 154.26%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.26% to 0.44%.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On November 29
 2019
 after approval from the Board
 the Company entered into and adopted the 2019 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (the &amp;#147;2019 Incentive Plan&amp;#148;) for the purpose of enhancing the Registrant&amp;#146;s ability to attract and retain highly qualified directors
 officers
 key employees and other persons and to motivate such persons to improve the business results and earnings of the Company by providing an opportunity to acquire or increase a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future success of the Company. The 2019 Incentive Plan will be administered by the compensation committee of the Board who will
 amongst other duties
 have full power and authority to take all actions and to make all determinations required or provided for under the 2019 Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the 2019 Incentive Plan
 the Company may grant options
 share appreciation rights
 restricted shares
 restricted share units
 unrestricted shares and dividend equivalent rights. The Plan has a duration of 10 years.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Subject to adjustment as described in the 2019 Incentive Plan
 the aggregate number of common shares (&amp;#147;Shares&amp;#148;) available for issuance under the 2019 Incentive Plan is One Hundred Two Million (102
000
000) Shares. The exercise price of each Share subject to an Option (as defined in the 2019 Incentive Plan) shall be at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Incentive Plan) (except in the case of a more than 10% shareholder of the Company
 in which case the price should not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value) on the date of the grant of a Share and shall have a term of no more than ten years. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2020
 49
500
000 Options have been issued with terms between 5 years and 10 years. Based on certain performance milestones
 the grant agreements also provide for the issuance of an additional 13
000
000 options of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan) on the date of the grant of a Share and with a term of no more than ten years
 issuance of an additional 13
000
000 options of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan) on the date of the grant of a Share and with a term of no more than ten years.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s Options related to the 2020 Incentive Plan is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;20
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;49
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Options outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2020 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:199.25pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;28
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;8.88&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;28
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.74&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.63&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
125
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;9.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;10
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;border-bottom:1px solid #000000&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;49
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;39
125
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Executive Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On March 4
 2020
 the Company entered into an employment letter with Philip Rice
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement
 Mr. Rice will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for one year
 with successive automatic renewals for one-year terms
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on at least sixty days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of the Agreement. Mr. Rice will receive an annual base salary
 commencing on January 1
 2020
 of $280
000 (&amp;#147;Base Salary&amp;#148;). The Base Salary shall increase to $300
000
 when the following event occurs: within one (1) year after the Effective Date
 the Company enters into a term sheet and receives the related financing to receive at least $15
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt (&amp;#147;Third Party Financing&amp;#148;) on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company (the &amp;#147;Board&amp;#148;). On the date the Agreement was executed
 Mr. Rice received a $25
000 retention bonus and was issued a fully-vested nonqualified stock option to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a price $0.15 per share with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $297
248 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 163.68%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.02%). &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Rice shall also receive a bonus of $50
000 and a fully-vested nonqualified stock option to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock exercisable at a price equal to the sixty (60) day trailing quoted price of the Common Stock of the Company in the OTC market
 10 year term
 upon the closing
 prior to December 31
 2020
 of Third Party Financing which raises at least $15
000
000
 as long as Mr. Rice was employed at the time of closing or was employed within one year prior to the closing. If
 upon the closing prior to December 31
 2021 of Third Party Financing which raises at least $10
000
000 for the Company
 Mr. Rice shall receive an additional bonus of $50
000
 as long as Mr. Rice was employed at the time of closing or if employed within one year prior to the closing.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Rice&amp;#146;s Agreement provides that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreement) occurs and Mr. Rice resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the Agreement) or Mr. Rice&amp;#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreement) during the 24-month period following the Change of Control or during the sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of Control
 100% of Mr. Rice&amp;#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. Mr. Rice&amp;#146;s Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
 a lump sum payment of 300% of base salary and payment of 24 months of the base salary in such event. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Rice will receive the following severance benefits following a termination (as defined) of employment: a continuation of his Base Salary for one (1) year and a fully-vested
 nonqualified stock option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a price equal to the sixty (60) day trailing quoted price of the Common Stock of the Company in the OTC market
 10 year term.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Prior to this Agreement
 as compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest. On February 12
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.10. The warrants were valued at $4
766 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.46%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.53%. On May 13
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.10. The warrants were valued at $4
800 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.72%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.18%. On August 7
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.08. The warrants were valued at $3
850 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.57%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.59%. On October 28
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.08. The warrants were valued at $3
859 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 186.77%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.66%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company has additional disclosures related to Executive Compensation in Note 15 - Subsequent Events.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s warrants is presented below.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;194
204
339&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;192
148
956&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;23
005
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;12
783
672&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(14
365
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(9
688
917)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(345
205)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(2
667
333)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(694
167)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;200
177
006&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;194
204
339&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2020 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt; in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
418
477&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.46&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
418
477&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.81&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;124
773
734&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;124
773
734&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
704
795&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
704
795&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;18
555
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;18
555
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.74&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.99&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;200
177
006&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;200
177

	
	
	


	
	


	
	
	

744

	
	
	

500

	
	
	

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;20
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;49
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-top:0.5pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;29
000


000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;8.88&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;28
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.74&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.63&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
125
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;9.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;10
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;border-bottom:1px solid #000000&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:53.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;49
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;7.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;39
125

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;194
204
339&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;192
148
956&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;23
005
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;12
783
672&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(14
365
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(9
688
917)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(345
205)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(2
667
333)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;(694
167)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;200
177
006&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;194
204

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;16
050
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
418
477&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;1.46&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;30
418
477&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.81&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;124
773
734&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;124
773
734&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
704
795&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3
704
795&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;18
555
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;18
555
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2.74&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;2
550
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;3.99&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:0.75pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:62.55pt;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;200
177
006&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding-left:2pt;padding-right:2pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;200
177

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a disease caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) to be a pandemic. &amp;nbsp;Global pandemics and other natural disasters or geopolitical actions
 including related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 could affect the Company&amp;#146;s ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic
 the expectation was that there would be forward moment with the production of our algal biomass
 validation and purification. However
 these were temporarily suspended and/or delayed
 and many continue in diminished capacity.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employment Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 Andrew Dahl
 is serving as Chief Executive Officer under the terms of an employment agreement dated November 29
 2019 (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) that superseded and replaced all prior employment agreements and understandings. Under the terms of the Agreement
 Mr. Dahl&amp;#146;s agreement provides for a term of three years
 with successive automatic renewals for one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Dahl Agreement on at least 60 days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of Mr. Dahl&amp;#146;s employment. Mr. Dahl has received an annual base salary
 commencing on June 1
 2019
 of $440
000 (&amp;#147;Base Salary&amp;#148;)
 of which $7
500 per month will be deferred until either of the following events occur: (i) within five (5) years after the Effective Date
 the Company enters into a term sheet to receive at least $25
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company (the &amp;#147;Board&amp;#148;) including funding at closing on such terms of at least $10 million; or (ii) within 12 months after the Effective Date that the Company receives revenue of at least $10 million. The Company has accrued $120
000 of the deferred salary as of September 30
 2020
 reflected in accrued expenses on the Balance Sheet. The Base Salary is subject to annual review and increase (but not decrease) by the Board during the Employment Term with minimum annual increases of 4% over the previous year&amp;#146;s Base Salary.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Dahl is entitled to a Revenue Bonus (as defined in the Agreement) equal to 2% of the Company&amp;#146;s revenue contribution in accordance with a formula as detailed in the Agreement. No Revenue Bonus is payable in any year where there is an Operating Net Loss (as defined in the Agreement). For the 2020 fiscal year (January 1
 2020 to December 31
 2020) (&amp;#147;Year One&amp;#148;)
 the Company shall pay Mr. Dahl a bonus equal to 50% of his Base Salary if the Company achieves revenues for Year One which are (w) at least $500
000; and (x) greater than that for the 12-month period immediately preceding Year One. In addition
 for 2021 fiscal year (January 1
 2021 through December 31
 2021) (&amp;#147;Year Two&amp;#148;)
 the Company shall pay Mr. Dahl a bonus equal to 50% of the Base Salary if the Company achieves revenues for Year Two which are (y) at least $500
000; and (z) greater than that for Year One. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Dahl was awarded a non-qualified option to purchase 28 million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a price equal to the greater of $0.10 per share and the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan). &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#8195;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Dahl will be entitled to non-qualified performance-based options having an exercise price equal to the greater of $0.10 per share and the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan)
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: (i) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
000
000 common shares upon identification of bioactive agents in the Company product and filing of a patent with respect thereto; (ii) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon entering into a contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments; (iii) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays); (iv) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays); and (v) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As it relates to the Company&amp;#145;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Wellmetrix

 if and when at least $2 million in equity capital is raised from a third party and invested in Wellmetrix in an arms-length transaction
 Mr. Dahl shall be granted a warrant to purchase an equity interest in Wellmetrix that is equal to the equity interest in Wellmetrix owned by the Company at the time of the first tranche of any such capital raise (the &amp;#147;Wellmetrix Warrant&amp;#148;). The Wellmetrix Warrant shall be fully vested as of the date it is granted and shall expire on the tenth (10th) anniversary of the grant date. Once granted
 the Wellmetrix Warrant may be exercised from time to time in whole or in part
 with Mr. Dahl retaining any unexercised portion. The exercise price for the Wellmetrix Warrant shall be equal to the fair market value of the interest in Wellmetrix implied by the pricing of the first tranche of any such capital raise. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Dahl&amp;#146;s Employment Agreement provides that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreement) occurs Mr. Dahl&amp;#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreement) or Mr. Dahl resigns for Good Cause (as defined in the Dahl Agreement) during the 24-month period following the Change of Control or during the sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of Control
 100% of Mr. Dahl&amp;#146;s unvested options will be fully. Mr. Dahl&amp;#146;s Employment Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
 300% of base salary and 2x the amount of the Revenue Bonus in such event. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 the milestone relating to the identification of bioactive agents in the Company product and the filing of a patent with respect thereto was met
 thereby triggering the option to purchase 1
000
000 common shares. As per the Agreement
 the Company issued a non-qualified option to purchase 1 million shares of the Company according to the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $0.14 with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $138
806 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 164.37%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.84%). &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On November 15
 2019
 the Company issued a non-qualified option to purchase 28 million shares of the Company according to the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $2
497
161 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 164.20%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.84%).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate Advisory Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On September 30
 2019
 effective July 9
 2019
 the Company entered into an agreement with an Investment Opportunity Provider (IOP). The IOP has been engaged as an exclusive financial advisor in connection with the proposed securities offering and sale of up to $35 million of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock. The Company has agreed to pay the IOP
 upon the acceptance of a successful funding transaction
 a fee of 1% of the aggregate value of the transaction and a warrant to purchase up to 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 for a term of five years. As of December 31
 2020
 in connection with this agreement
 no successful funding transactions have taken place and no warrants have been issued.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial Consulting Agreement &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;May 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On May 4
 2020
 the Company entered into a Financial Consulting and Corporate Advisory Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;). The Agreement calls for a non-refundable initial fee of $25
000 and two additional monthly fees of $15
000 per month. To the extent a transaction (defined as the sale of equity securities
 hybrid debt and equity securities or the entering into any fund capital
 joint venture
 buy out
 or similar transactions) is entered into
 then the Company will pay an 8% fee based on the value of the transaction. A 50% credit of the initial fee and monthly fees will be credited against the 8% fee. This Agreement can be cancelled at any time by either party
 however
 there is a 24-month period where the 8% transaction will be payable based on identified transaction participants. This Agreement was cancelled in July 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial Consulting Agreement &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;July 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On July 16
 2020
 the Company entered into an Advisory Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;). The Agreement calls for monthly fees of $10
000 per month. The Agreement is on a month-to-month renewal basis. Upon each renewal (starting with the second month)
 the Company shall issue a warrant to purchase 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 for a term of five years. The Company issued warrants to purchase 450
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 for a term of five years valued at $51
278 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 144.93% to 145.50%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.29% to 0.32% The Company terminated this Agreement in October 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Supply Chain Consulting Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On February 27
 2019
 the Company entered into a Supply Chain Consulting Agreement with a consultant (&amp;#147;Consultant&amp;#148;) (see Note 11 &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficiency). In May 2019
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 for a term of five years to the Consultant. The warrants were valued at $529
023 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.49%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.34%. In October 2019
 2
000
000 of those warrants were returned to the Company resulting in a reduction in the value of $211
609. On September 14
 2019
 the parties entered into a First Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement (&amp;#147;Supply Consulting Agreement Amendment&amp;#148;). The Supply Consulting Agreement Amendment provides that the Consultant will identify and help negotiate the terms of potential joint ventures involving algae production development projects or related transactions or business combinations (&amp;#147;Development Project&amp;#148;). The Supply Consulting Agreement provides for exclusivity in Southeast Asia; Oceania; Indian subcontinent; and Africa; with regions in the Middle East by mutual agreement. The closing of a Development Project (as acceptable to the Company) is defined as the date that the Company is able
 financially and otherwise
 to proceed with engineering and construction of algae production facilities
 processing or warehousing facilities and supply chain development
 or related business combinations rendering an equivalent outcome (in the reasonable determination of the Company)
 for the production
 processing
 transport
 compliance
 marketing and resale of its proprietary algae biomass. Upon the closing of a Development Project
 the Company will pay cash fees of $300
000 to Consultant
 pay an on-going monthly fee of $50
000 for 24 months and issue to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. On November 24
 2020
 
 the parties entered into a Second Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement whereby the issuance to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock was reduced to thirteen million (13
000
000) shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 and a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase three million (3
000
000) shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock was issued to a member of the Consultant. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $386
348 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 148.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.39%. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2020
 the Development Project has not closed
 and the warrants have not yet been issued. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Board of Directors has also authorized the Company to issue to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share at its discretion. As of December 31
 2020
 such warrant has not been issued.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Marketing / Public Relations Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On December 27
 2019
 the Company entered into a Marketing / Public Relations Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with a consultant (&amp;#147;Consultant&amp;#148;). The Agreement provides that the Consultant will assist the Company in identifying and assist in the negotiation of potential licensing
 product sales
 joint ventures and venture financing of projects outside of the United States and provide advice for the Company&amp;#146;s long-term business strategy and commercial relationships. The Agreement calls for the issuance of warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price based on the closing market price on the day of issuance
 with a five-year term. For commercial transactions whose value is determined and agreed to by both parties exceeding $1
000
000 (&amp;#147;Qualifying Transaction&amp;#148;)
 the Company shall issue to Consultant a warrant to purchase common stock in the amount of 500
000 shares. For each successive Qualifying Transaction of at least $1
000
000
 the Consultant shall be issued 300
000 shares up to a maximum cumulative award of 5
000
000 shares in warrant form in total. Further
 the Company will pay a 4% commission on the revenue received on the sale of Company algal product to one or more entities identified and cultivated by Consultant
 and on the revenue received from licensing the Company&amp;#146;s intellectual property to such entities identified and cultivated by Consultant
 for a period of three (3) years from the effective date of a qualifying transaction. The Agreement also calls for a $5
000 payment upon signing and monthly payments of $5
000 once a Qualifying Transaction
 the sale of an algal product or revenue from a licensing transaction occurs. As of December 31
 2020
 a commercial transaction has not closed
 and the warrants have not yet been issued and no commissions have been paid.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition

	

 2019 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $72
890
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2020 through 2040. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2020 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $19
680
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 27% and the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to a decrease in the valuation allowance of approximately $1
041


 2021
 the Board of Directors appointed Keith Marchiando as the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Financial Officer and the Company entered into an employment letter with Mr. Marchiando (&amp;#147;Marchiando Agreement&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Marchiando Agreement
 Mr. Marchiando will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for one year
 with successive automatic renewals for one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Marchiando Agreement on at least sixty days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of the Marchiando Agreement. Mr. Marchiando will receive an annual base salary
 commencing on January 1
 2021
 of $280
000 (&amp;#147;Marchiando Base Salary&amp;#148;). The Marchiando Base Salary shall increase to $300
000 if within one (1) year after the effective date
 the Company enters into a term sheet and receives the related financing to receive at least $10
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt (&amp;#147;Third Party Financing&amp;#148;) on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company. On January 1
 2021
 Mr. Marchiando received a stock option award issued pursuant to the Company&amp;#146;s 2019 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan to purchase 13
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (&amp;#147;Common Stock&amp;#148;)
 with an exercise price of $0.14 per share and a 10-year life. Vesting of these options shall be as follows: 3
000
000 shares vested immediately upon grant of the option award
 and 1
250
000 shares will vest on each six-month anniversary of January 1
 2021. &amp;nbsp;The option to purchase the shares has a total value of $1
779
065 based on a Black Scholes valuation model with a volatility of 143.89%
 a 0% dividend rate
 and a discount rate of 0.36%. &amp;nbsp;The Company will record an expense of $410.553 in the first quarter of 2021 and $171
064 on the eight subsequent six-month anniversaries of the Marchiando Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Mr. Marchiando shall also receive $25
000 upon the closing
 prior to December 31
 2021
 of a Third Party Financing that raises at least $10
000
000. If
 upon the closing prior to December 31
 2021 of a Third Party Financing that raises over $13
000
000 for the Company
 Mr. Marchiando shall receive a maximum bonus of $50
000
 as long as Mr. Marchiando is employed at the time of closing.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;If Mr. Marchiando&amp;#146;s employment is terminated by the Company due to death or Disability
 or without Cause
 or if Mr. Marchiando resigns for Good Reason (each as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) or if either party does not renew the employment term
 Mr. Marchiando will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: a continuation of the Marchiando Base Salary for one year
 payment of an amount equal to Mr. Marchiando&amp;#146;s target bonus in the year of termination and a fully-vested
 nonqualified stock option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock. Additionally
 all outstanding and contingent nonqualified options owned directly or beneficially by Mr. Marchiando shall be converted immediately into vested options
 with terms as specified in the applicable award agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;The Marchiando Agreement provides that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) occurs and Mr. Marchiando resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) or Mr. Marchiando&amp;#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) during the 24-month period following the Change of Control or during the sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of Control
 100% of Mr. Marchiando&amp;#146;s unvested options will be &lt;font style=&apos;border-bottom:1px solid #000000&apos;&gt;fully&lt;/font&gt; vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Marchiando Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
 a lump sum payment of 200% of the Marchiando Base Salary
 200% of Mr. Marchiando&amp;#146;s Performance Bonus (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) earned in the last 12 months preceding the Change of Control and payment of 24 months of the Marchiando Base Salary in such event.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Due to Related Party &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Upon the Board of Directors&apos; appointment of Keith Marchiando to the role of Chief Financial Officer for the Company
 an existing account payable to Mr. Marchiando in the amount of $26
400 became an amount due to a related party. &amp;nbsp;Prior to his appointment
 Mr. Marchiando performed consulting services for the Company in the fourth quarter of 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Separation Agreement - Rice&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;On January 1
 2021
 Mr. Rice resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 and following a transition period
 agreed to resign from all positions as an officer or employee of the Company effective as of January 31
 2021 (the &amp;#147;Separation Date&amp;#148;). The Separation Agreement provides that Mr. Rice will receive certain benefits that he is entitled to receive under his employment agreement dated March 4
 2020. &amp;nbsp;Accordingly
 under the Separation Agreement
 the Company has agreed to pay Mr. Rice his base salary of $280
000 for one year and three weeks
 beginning on the Separation Date
 and grant him an option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock for $0.14 per share and a five-year life. The option to purchase the shares has a total value of $125
061 based on a Black Scholes valuation model with a volatility of 143.89%
 a 0% dividend rate
 and a discount rate of 0.36%. &amp;nbsp;The Company will expense the full amount in the first quarter of 2021. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Rice remains subject to the restrictive covenants in his employment agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Through February 25
 2021
 the Company
 through direct private transactions
 has received proceeds from the sale of 5
310
435 shares of common stock in the amount of $705
000 from six (6) private investors. &amp;nbsp;The average selling price per share was $0.1328.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life Insurance Premiums&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;In 2019
 in connection with the Lender&apos;s Convertible Note
 the Lender took out a life insurance policy on Andrew Dahl
 the Company&apos;s Chief Executive Officer. On February 23
 2021
 the Company entered into a letter agreement with the Lender pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay certain life insurance premiums as long as the Convertible Note remains outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Revenue &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Participation Agreements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Through February 25
 2021
 the Company entered into three (3) additional Agreements totaling $105
000 with third parties (&amp;#147;Additional Participants&amp;#148;). The total investment of $105
000 came from cash in the amount of $96
000 and the conversion of a Note Payable &amp;#150;&amp;nbsp;Related Party of $9
000. &amp;nbsp;The Agreements provide for payments by the Company to the Additional Participants of an additional aggregate of 1.575% of fees generated by the Company from licensing or selling bioactive ingredients or molecules (including the Revenue Share). The Agreements also call for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 315
000 shares of common stock with a term of five years and at exercise prices of $0.14 per share. The warrants to purchase the shares has a total value of $40
799 based on a Black Scholes valuation models with a volatility between 139.55% and 140.20%
 a 0% dividend rate

	
	
	
	

 through direct private transactions
 has received proceeds from the sale of 5
310





			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			



		


		


		




				


				
















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20201231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt













 Weighted Average Exercise Price






 Number



		




		







 LLC



		


		




		


		







 Value






 Value



		






		


		




		




		




		








		
		


		


		




		








		


		



 Including Capitalized Interest



		





 Shares (number of shares)











		


		
		


		


		






		


		


		




		







 due April 2017







		




		


		
		







 Shares (number of shares)






 Shares (number of shares)



		




		


		


		


		









 Number (number of shares)



		




		




		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		




		


		
		





 Value



		




		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		




		


		




		




		





 Value






 Shares (number of shares)



		



 Value







		

 less Discount



		








		


		


		











 Weighted Average Exercise Price






 Exercise Price






 Weighted Average Exercise Price






 Range



		







 Common shares from convertible debentures (number of shares)



		


		


		


		




		



 Related Parties


 Related Parties
 Shares (number of shares)



		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		





 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life



		




		




		





 Depletion and Amortization



		


		




		




		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		



 Related Parties


 Related Parties
 Value






 Shares (number of shares)








 Value



		


		


		



 Shares



		












		




		




		





 other



		
		


		







 Shares (number of shares)



		
		



 Shares



		


		


		
		














		


		







 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years



		




		




		




		


		


		




		


		


		




		





 Shares (number of shares)



		






		


		









 Weighted Average Exercise Price






 Number



		




		




		









 Total




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



		


		


		






		
		






		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		
		




		




		




		







 Common shares from outstanding warrants (number of shares)



		





 Value











		
		


		


		


		







 Exercise Price



		




		




		




		




		




		


		




		


		
		







 Value



		




		


		


		






		





 Weighted Average Exercise Price






 Weighted Average Exercise Price



		




		








		


		




		


		


		
		





 Value






 Value



		


		


		
		






		


		
		


		





 Number (number of shares)



		




		




		




		





 RELATED PARTIES






 related parties



		


		


		


		


		
		

 at Carrying Value


 at Carrying Value



		




		


		




		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		






		




		


		







 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years






 Exercixe Price



		




		




		


		





 Shares (number of shares)






 Shares (number of shares)



		
		


		


		


		


		






		




		


		


		


		




		
		


		





 Shares (number of shares)






 Value



		


		


		


		







 Related Parties



		






		
		


		
		















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.zivobioscience.com/20201231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				






























































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Feb. 25
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Jun. 30
 2020















 Inc.













































  2020























Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code

















Entity Address
 Address Line One



 Suite 202





Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code








Entity Address
 Address Description

















































































































358
149



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

346
110







Entity Listing
 Par Value Per Share



























































































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.




























Description of the kind of address for the entity
 if needed to distinguish more finely among mailing
 principal
 legal
 accounting
 contact or other addresses.




























Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.



















































































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











862


111





953


282





815


393



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET















364







000







364







179


393












559
627


372
428



Loans Payable
 Related Parties

000







172







180
342


280
342





936
800







464
724


952
606





250


500





393
915


707
876










Note Payable
 Other

700





Long-Term Operating Lease
 Net of Current Portion

178







878







530
793


707
876










Common Stock
 Value
 Issued

036


737





340
025


222
726





063
675)


957
946)





310
614)


338
483)





179


393







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debentures Payable
 less Discount
 as of the indicated date.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid in advance for expenses which will be charged against earnings in periods after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share






Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

200
000
000


200
000
000



Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

736
506


035
675



Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding

736
506


035
675

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











000







000














948
423


076
439





872
339


968
878





754
913


307
033





575
675


352
350





555
675)


352
350)














608)



Interest Expense
 Related Parties

424)


676
308)





630)


900)





054)


157
816)





105
729)


510
166)












181
771


396
362







Represents the monetary amount of Interest Expense
 Related Parties
 during the indicated time period.


















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Equity Balance
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2018

037


985
626


447
780)


282
117)



Shares Outstanding
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2018

036
435













614




614







378




378







653
243




653
243





500


623
500




650
000



Issuance of common stock for cash
 Shares

500
000









Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Value

689


328




017



Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Shares

688
917









Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Value

118


718




836



Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Shares

118
359









Common stock issued on conversion of Due to Related Party
 Value

649


280




929



Common stock issued on conversion of Due to Related Party
 Shares

649
291









Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Convertible Debt and accrued interest - related party
 Value

744


101
607




274
351



Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Convertible Debt and accrued interest - related party
 Shares

743
504









Warrants issued for financing costs
 Value



432




432



Warrants issued for financing costs
 Shares
















510
166)


510
166)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2019

736
506









Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2019

737


222
726


957
946)


338
483)







248
616




248
616







302
044




302
044





745


121




866



Issuance of common stock for cash
 Shares

744
588









Issuance of options for services - related party
 Value



248




248



Issuance of options for services - related party
 Shares










Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Value

685


715




400



Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Shares

685
000









Cashless exercise of Warrants
 Value

307


307)







Cashless exercise of Warrants
 Shares

307
334









Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Value

362


862




224



Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Shares

362
247









Common stock issued on conversion of Loans Payable
 Related Parties
 Value



800




000



Common stock issued on conversion of Loans Payable
 Related Parties
 Shares

000









Issuance of warrants for participation agreements
 Value



200




200



Issuance of warrants for participation agreements
 Shares
















105
729)


105
729)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2020

035
675









Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2020

036


340
025


063
675)


310
614)







Represents the Cashless exercise of Warrants
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Cashless exercise of Warrants
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Convertible Debt and accrued interest - related party
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Convertible Debt and accrued interest - related party
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on conversion of 11% Loan Payable and accrued interest
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on conversion of Due to Related Party
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on conversion of Due to Related Party
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on conversion of Loans Payable
 Related Parties
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on conversion of Loans Payable
 Related Parties
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Common stock issued on warrant exercise
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Issuance of options for services - related party
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of options for services - related party
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Issuance of warrants for participation agreements
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants for participation agreements
 Value
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants for services
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants for services - related party
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Issuance of warrants to board of directors
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants issued for financing costs
 Shares (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Warrants issued for financing costs
 Value
 during the indicated time period.
















































































































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











105
729)


510
166)












302
044


378





248


653
243





248
615


614







432







187
817







608



















672)







000)







199


002





836
800







460


520
441





588
415)


707
297)
























Proceeds from (payments of) loans payable
 related parties

000


500



Proceeds of Loan Payable
 other

700







200







400


017





866


650
000





380
166


664
517





249)


780)



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Beginning Balance

111


891



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

862


111










Interest Paid
 Including Capitalized Interest
 Operating and Investing Activities

















Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of lease liability
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Increase in deferred revenue - participation agreements
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of (Increase) in security deposits
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Proceeds from (payments of) loans payable
 related parties
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Proceeds from sale of common stock warrants - participation agreements
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Proceeds of Loan Payable
 other
 during the indicated time period.





















































































This element represents the amortization of deferred leasing fees incurred by the lessor and amortized over the term of the lease. Such fees represent (a) costs to originate a lease incurred in transactions with independent third parties that (i) result directly from and are essential to acquire that lease and (ii) would not have been incurred had that leasing transaction not occurred and (b) certain costs directly related to specified activities performed by the lessor for that lease. Those activities are: evaluating the prospective lessee's financial condition; evaluating and recording guarantees
 collateral
 and other security arrangements; negotiating lease terms; preparing and processing lease documents; and closing the transaction.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.




























Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.


















































































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 including
 but not limited to
 capitalized interest and payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount; classified as operating and investing activities.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The business model of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC
 Wellmetrix
 LLC (fka WellMetris
 LLC)
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.
 (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) is to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. 



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company had a net loss of $9
105
729 and $11
510
166 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $11
226
100 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $11
310
614 at December 31
There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company received proceeds of $400
866 from the issuance of Common Stock
 $830
400 from the exercise of Common Stock Warrants
 $2
735
000 from the proceeds from the sale of Participation Agreements and related warrants; $121
700 in Loans Payable
 Other and $129
000 in proceeds from loans payable &#150;&nbsp;related party.







The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Wellmetrix
 LLC
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC and Zivo Biologic
The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates
 actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2020
In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU No. 2016-02 (ASC 842)
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 and ASU 2019-01
 Codification Improvements
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. ASC 842 eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
Operating lease assets are included within operating lease right-of-use assets
 and the corresponding operating lease liabilities are recorded as current portion of long-term operating lease
 and within long-term liabilities as long-term operating lease
 net of current portion on our balance sheet as of December 31
Lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Because our lease does not provide an implicit rate of return
 we used our incremental borrowing rate
 based on the information available
The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs (as amended) as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Debt Issuance Costs are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related notes. Amortization of debt issuance costs amounted to $-0- and $1
187
817 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense &#150;&#160;Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
Revenue is recognized in accordance with revenue recognition accounting guidance
 which utilizes five steps to determine whether revenue can be recognized and to what extent: (i) identify the contract with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s); (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) determine the recognition period. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception
 once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Significant judgments exercised by management include the identification of performance obligations
 and whether such promised goods or services are considered distinct. The Company evaluates promised goods or services on a contract-by-contract basis to determine whether each promise represents a good or service that is distinct or has the same pattern of transfer as other promises. A promised good or service is considered distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service independently of other goods/services either in the contract or that can be obtained elsewhere
 without regard to contract exclusivity
 and the entity&#146;s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contact. If the good or service is not considered distinct
For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had $20
000 and $-0- of service revenue
Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
Research and development (&#147;R&amp;D&#148;) costs are expensed as incurred. The Company's R&amp;D costs
 including internal expenses
 consist of clinical study expenses as it relates to the BioTech business and the development and growing of algae as it relates to the AgTech business. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct business with Company development by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $1
359
000 and $2
043
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &nbsp;Internal expenses
 composed of staff salaries compose approximately $2
396
000 and $264
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock options and warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
During 2020 and 2019
 options and warrants were granted to employees
 the Board of Directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded expenses of $3
847
907 and $3
605
235 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee options and warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of options and warrants and conversions of debentures. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2020
 consisted of 77
955
991 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 249
677
006 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2019
 consisted of 73
871
688 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 223
204
339 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. For 2020 and 2019
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current FDIC limit of $250
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
&#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with limited exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
The Company has adopted both of the ASUs on January 1
 2019. Prior comparative periods were not required to be restated and the ASUs have not had an impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Property and equipment at December 31
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(100
(100
There were no depreciation and amortization expenses for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







On December 17
 2020
 the Company entered into a 25 &#189;&nbsp;month lease agreement for a 2
700-square-foot facility that contains office
 warehouse
 lab and R&amp;D space in Ft. Myer
 Florida. The lease agreement commenced on December 17
 2020 and ends on January 31
 2023. The agreement provided for a total rent of $54
993 over the period. Occupancy of the property commenced on December 17
 2020
 there was a 6-week rent holiday and a commencement date of February 1
 2021. Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. &nbsp;Rent is $3
291 per month from January 15
 2021 to January 31
 2022 and $1
154 from February 1
 2022 to January 31
December 31
49
29
 &nbsp;&nbsp;Long-Term Operating Lease
15
44
December 31
December 31
December 31
6
As of December 31
 2020
December 31
31
December 31
15
December 31
1
48
4
44
29
15
178



































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







As of January 1
 2019
 the Company owed HEP Investments
 LLC (&#147;HEP&#148;)
 a related party
 a total of $432
429. During the year ended December 31
 2019 the company borrowed an additional $110
500 in working capital. The total of $542
929 was repaid with cash of $78
000 and $464
929 by issuing 4
649
As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were no outstanding balances due to related parties related to the Company&#146;s convertible debt.







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NOTE 4 - DUE TO RELATED PARTY
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NOTE 7 - LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES


Dec. 31
 2020






NOTE 7 - LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES
NOTE 7 &#150;&#160;LOAN PAYABLE
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 Mr. Christopher Maggiore
 a director and a significant shareholder of the Company
 advanced $20
000 to the Company. On September 15
 2020
 he applied $20
000 of the loan balance to fund the purchase of 200
000 shares of a warrant for 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share (see Note 11 &#150;&nbsp;Stockholders&#146; Deficit). The remaining 50
000 warrants were exercised through a cash free transaction into 3
704 shares. The Company agreed to pay interest of 11% per annum on these loans. On October 21
 2020
 Mr. Maggiore converted the remaining $1
254 of accrued interest due into 12
During the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 the Company recorded interest expense on loans payable to Mr. Maggiore of $1
254 and $40
364
HEP Investments
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 HEP advanced the Company $139
000 in cash
 of which $30
000 was repaid while $100
000 was converted into a License Co-Development Participation Agreement on October 4
 2020. As of the year ended December 31
 2020
 HEP is owed $9
000 (See Note 15 &#150;&nbsp;Subsequent Events).







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NOTE 5 - LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







HEP Investments
On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP
 a Michigan limited liability company (the &#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011
 as amended through May 16
 2018: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender agreed to advance up to $20
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) an 11% Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $20
000
000 (&#147;Convertible Note&#148;) (of which a total of $18
470
640 was funded
 with a total of $14
380
298 converted into 143
702
981 shares of common stock
 leaving a balance advanced of $4
090
342 as of December 31
 2020)
 (iii) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets
 (iv) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision) which expired September 30
 2016 (from the original December 1
 2011 agreement)
 (v) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $20
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement
 and (vi) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Convertible Note and related documents. The Lenders Notes are convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at $0.10 per share and bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum. In addition
 the Company&#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#146;s obligations under the Convertible Note. The Company has also made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers. In January 2019
 and in connection with the Convertible Note
 the Lender entered into a life insurance policy for Andrew Dahl
 our Chief Executive Officer. On February 23
 2021
 the Company and Lender entered into a Letter Agreement in which the Company agreed to pay certain premiums of $2
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded debt discounts
 related to $1
968
801 of Notes in the amount of $819
854 to reflect the relative fair value of the related warrants pursuant to &#147;FASB ASC 470-20-30 &#150;&nbsp;Debt with Conversion and Other Options: Beneficial Conversion Features&#148; (ASC 470-20) as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. In accordance with ASC 470-20
 the Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $613
758 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants was calculated and recorded at $206
096 as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. The Company amortized the debt discount over the term of the debt. The relative fair value of the debt discounts of $206
096 were calculated using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 174.59% to 180.14%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.09% to 3.04% The Company amortized the debt discount over the term of the debt. Amortization of the debt discounts were $-0- and $374
608 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
On March 29
 2019
 the Company and the Lender entered a &#147;Debt Extension Agreement&#148; whereby the Lender extended the maturity date of the Note to June 30
 2019. The Lender received no additional consideration related to this debt extension. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
In October 2019
 the Company issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years. The warrants were valued at $165
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Lender converted $14
260
298 of the debt and $3
014
052 of accrued interest into 172
743
As of December 31
 2020
 the total shares of common stock
 if the Lender converted the complete $4
090
342 convertible debt
 including related accrued interest of $1
973
241
 would be 60
635
835 shares
As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has not made the required annual interest payments and principal payments to the Lender. As the Company has not received a notice of default
 pursuant to the terms of the Notes
 the Company does not currently consider itself in default. Were the Company to default
Paulson Investment Company
On August 24
 2016
 the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Paulson Investment Company
 LLC (Paulson). The agreement provided that Paulson could provide up to $2 million in financings through &#147;accredited investors&#148; (as defined by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended). As of December 31
 2016
 the Company received funding of $1
250
000 through seven (7) individual loans (the &#147;New Lenders&#148;). Each loan included a (i) a Loan Agreement of the individual loan
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (&#147;New Lenders Notes&#148;) in the principal amount of the loan
 (iii) a Security Agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (iv) an Intercreditor Agreement with HEP whereby HEP and the New Lenders agree to participate in all collateral on a pari passu basis. The loans had a two-year term and matured September 2018 ($600
000) and October 2018 ($650
000). Paulson received a 10% cash finance fee for monies invested in the Company in the form of convertible debt
 along with 5 year
On September 24
 2018
 one New Lender converted $300
000 of the debt and $64
280 of accrued interest into 3
642
800 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock (at $0.10 per share). On May 8
 2019
On January 15
 2020
 two New Lenders converted $100
000 of the debt and $36
225 of accrued interest into 1
362
The New Lenders Notes must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note. As of December 31
 2020
As the Company has not received notices of default
 pursuant to the terms of the Notes
 we do not currently consider ourselves in default to the three (3) remaining investors. Were the Company to be considered in default
In September 2014
 the Lender of the 1% convertible debentures agreed to rolling 30-day extensions until notice is given to the Company to the contrary. As of December 31
 2020
 that agreement is still in place. The Company determined that the modification of these Notes is not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150;&#160;HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $-0- and $-0-
 respectively
 due June 30
 2019 (as of December 31
4
090
4
090
11% Convertible note payable &#150;&#160;New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019 (as of December 31
850
950
5
180
5
280
5
180
5
280
Amortization of debt discounts was $-0- and $374
608 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







On May 7
 2020
 The Company received $121
700 in loan funding from the Paycheck Protection Program (the &quot;PPP&quot;) established pursuant to the recently enacted Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the &quot;CARES Act&quot;) and administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (&quot;SBA&quot;). The unsecured loan (the &quot;PPP Loan&quot;) is evidenced by a promissory note of the Company
 dated April 29
 2020 (the &quot;4.29.20 Note&quot;) in the principal amount of $121
700 with Comerica Bank (the &quot;Bank&quot;)
Under the terms of the 4.29.20 Note and the PPP Loan
 interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of 1.0% per annum. The term of the 4.29.20 Note is two years
 though it may be payable sooner in connection with an event of default under the 4.29.20 Note. To the extent the loan amount is not forgiven under the PPP
 the Company will be obligated to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest beginning on the date that is seven months from the date of the 4.29.20 Note
 until the maturity date. The 4.29.20 Note may be prepaid in part or in full
 at any time
The CARES Act and the PPP provide a mechanism for forgiveness of up to the full amount borrowed. Under the PPP
 the Company may apply for forgiveness for all or a part of the PPP Loan. The amount of loan proceeds eligible for forgiveness
 as amended
 is based on a formula that takes into account a number of factors
 including: (i) the amount of loan proceeds that are used by the Company during the covered period after the loan origination date for certain specified purposes including payroll costs
 interest on certain mortgage obligations
 rent payments on certain leases
 and certain qualified utility payments
 provided that at least 75% of the loan amount is used for eligible payroll costs; (ii) the Company maintaining or rehiring employees
 and maintaining salaries at certain levels; and (iii) other factors established by the SBA. Subject to the other requirements and limitations on loan forgiveness
 only that portion of the loan proceeds spent on payroll and other eligible costs during the covered period will qualify for forgiveness. Although the Company currently intends to use the entire amount of the PPP Loan for qualifying expenses
Does not disclose
 or anyone acting on their behalf does not disclose
Makes
 or anyone acting on their behalf makes
Defaults on any loan or agreement with another creditor
Has any adverse change in financial condition or business operation that Lender believes may materially affect the Company's ability to pay the 4.29.20 Note
Reorganizes
 merges
 consolidates
 or otherwise changes ownership or business structure
 (2) makes any distribution of the Company's assets that would adversely affect its financial condition
 or (3) transfers (including by pledge) or disposes of any assets except in the ordinary course of business
Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 the Lender has customary remedies and may
 among other things
 require immediate payment of all amounts owed under the 4.29.20 Note
 collect all amounts owing from the Company
 and file suit and obtain judgment against the Company.







The entire disclosure for debt and capital lease obligations can be reported. Information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company entered into seventeen (17) License Co-Development Participation Agreements (&#147;Agreements&#148;) totaling $2
835
000 with certain parties (&#147;Participants&#148;). The Agreements provide for payments by the Company to the Participants of an aggregate of 42.525% of fees generated by the Company from licensing or selling bioactive ingredients or molecules (including its TLR4 Inhibitor molecule) derived from the Company&#146;s algae cultures and actually received from any licensee of the Company (the &#147;Revenue Share&#148;). The Agreements also call for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8
055
According to the terms of the Agreements
 and pursuant to ASC 470-10-25 &#147;Debt &#150;&nbsp;Sales of Future Revenues&#148; the Company has bifurcated the proceeds of $2
835
000 as follows: 1) the 8
055
000 warrants sold were attributed a value of $898
200 based on the Black Scholes pricing model using the following assumptions: volatilities ranging from 143.94% to 154.38%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rates ranging from 0.26% to 0.44%
 and recorded as Additional Paid In Capital; 2) the remaining $1
936
800 was recorded as Deferred Revenue &#150;&nbsp;Participation Agreements. Since the Company believes there is a rebuttable presumption pursuant to ASC 470-10-25.2
 the Deferred Revenue &#150;&nbsp;Participation Agreements will be amortized into income
 using an estimate to be determined by Management
Agreements #1 through #4 allow the Company the option (&#147;Option&#148;) to buy back the right
 title and interest in the Revenue Share for an amount equal to the amount funded plus a forty percent (40%) premium. The Company may exercise its Option by delivering written notice to the Participant of its intent to exercise the Option
 along with repayment terms of the amount funded
 which may be paid
 in the Company&#146;s sole discretion
Agreements #5 through #17 allow the Company the Option to buy back the right
 title and interest in the Revenue Share for an amount equal to the amount funded plus a forty percent (40%) premium
 if the Option is exercised in less than 18 months
 or a fifty percent (50%) premium if the Option is exercised after 18 months. Pursuant to the terms of Agreements #5 through #17
 with the exception of Agreement #12
 the Company may not exercise its Option until it has paid the Participant a revenue share equal to a minimum of thirty percent (30%) of the amount initially funded. With regard to Agreement #12
 the Company may not exercise its Option until it has paid the Participant a revenue share equal to a minimum of one-hundred and eighty percent (180%) of the amount initially funded. Once this minimum threshold is met
 the Company may exercise its Option by delivering written notice to the Participant of its intent to exercise the Option
 along with repayment terms of the amount funded
 which may be paid
 in the Company&#146;s sole discretion
 in one lump sum or in four (4) equal quarterly payments. If the Company does not make such quarterly payments timely for any quarter
 then the Company shall pay the prorated Revenue Share amount
 retroactive on the entire remaining balance owed
April 13
100
300
April 13
150
450
April 13
150
450
May 7
250
750
June 1
275
825
82
June 3
225
675
67
July 8
100
300
30
Aug. 24
125
375
37
Sept. 14
150
450
45
Sept.15
50
150
15
Sept.15
50
150
15
Sept.25
300
450
420
Oct. 4
100
300
30
Oct. 4
250
750
75
Oct. 8
500
1
500
150
Oct. 9
50
150
15
Dec. 16
10
30
3
2
835
8
055
985
500













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







On May 1
 2019
 the shareholders of the Company voted for approval and adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 700
000
000 shares to 1
200
000
On November 11
 2020
 ZIVO&#146;s stockholders approved a reverse stock split of its Common Stock within the range of 1-for-25 to 1-for-120 of our authorized
 issued
 and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Board
 in its discretion
 will determine the final ratio
 effective date
 and date of filing of the certificate of amendment to our articles of incorporation
 as amended
 in connection with the reverse stock split. The Board has not yet finalized the stock-split
 therefore all option
On September 26
 2019
 the board of directors granted to each of its directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $192
614 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 185.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.66%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
On September 30
 2020
 the board of directors granted to three of its directors warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock and the Chairman of the Board warrants to purchase 10 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. The warrants have a term of five years and vest immediately. The warrants were valued at $1
248
616 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 144.93%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.28%. In addition
 each director is entitled to receive $10
The Company recorded directors&#146; fees of $1
280
366 and $232
614 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
In May 2019
 in connection with a Supply Consulting Agreement
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 for a term of five years. The warrants were valued at $529
023 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.49%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.34% (See Note 9 &#150;&nbsp;Commitments and Contingencies: Supply Chain Consulting Agreement). In October 2019
 2
000
000 of those warrants were returned to the Company resulting in a reduction in the value of $211
609. In August 2019
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 3
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $231
032 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.75%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.58%. In October 2019
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a development consultant. The warrants were valued at $129
762 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 150.34%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.55%. In December 2019
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.18 with a term of 5 years pursuant to an agreement with a financial consultant. The warrants were valued at $61
On November 24
 2020
 the parties entered into a Second Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement whereby the issuance to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&#146;s common stock was reduced to thirteen million (13
000
000) shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 and a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase three million (3
000
000) shares of the Company&#146;s common stock was issued to a member of the Consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $386
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company issued 3
744
588 shares of its common stock at an average price of $0.11 per share for proceeds of $400
866. Of this amount
 3
732
051 shares ($399
612 of proceeds) were issued to private investors and 12
537 shares ($1
254 of proceeds) were issued to Mr. Maggiore
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company issued 26
500
000 shares of its common stock at $0.10 per share
 for proceeds of $2
650
000. &nbsp;Of this amount
 20
500
000 shares ($2
050
000 of proceeds) were issued to private investors and 6
450
000 shares ($645
000 of proceeds) were issued to HEP
 a related party. The Company also issued to HEP warrants to purchase 1
060
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 5 years in connection with the issuances. Investors exercised 9
688
917 common stock warrants
 at an average price of $0.10 per share
 for proceeds of $982
017. &nbsp;HEP
 a related party
 exercised 618
750 of those warrants at an average of $0.08 per share
 representing $50
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 HEP
 a principal shareholder and related party
 assigned warrants to purchase 4
250
000 shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock to third party investors. These warrants were exercised at $0.10 per share resulting in proceeds of $425
000. Due to the nature of this transaction
 the Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $495
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 warrants to purchase 5
650
000 shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock were exercised on a &#147;cashless&#148; basis resulting in the issuance of 2
307
In addition
 the Company issued 8
685
000 shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock at an average price of $0.10 per share for proceeds of $830
400 from the exercise of warrants. &nbsp;Mr. Maggiore
 a related party
 exercised 200
000 of those warrants at an exercise price of $0.10 per share
 representing $20
000 of the proceeds (from the conversion of a Loan Payable
 See Note 7 - Loan Payable
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 HEP
 a principal shareholder and related party
 assigned warrants to purchase 8
550
000 shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock to third party investors. These warrants were exercised in the fourth quarter at $0.10 per share resulting in a capital raise of $855
000. Due to nature of this transaction
 the Company considered the warrants to be contributed capital from a majority shareholder and recorded equity related finance charges. The warrants were valued at $820
In connection with the License Co-Development Participation Agreements (&#147;Participation Agreements&#148;) (see Note 10)
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 8
055
000 shares of common stock for $898
On November 29
 2019
 after approval from the Board
 the Company entered into and adopted the 2019 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (the &#147;2019 Incentive Plan&#148;) for the purpose of enhancing the Registrant&#146;s ability to attract and retain highly qualified directors
 officers
 key employees and other persons and to motivate such persons to improve the business results and earnings of the Company by providing an opportunity to acquire or increase a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future success of the Company. The 2019 Incentive Plan will be administered by the compensation committee of the Board who will
 amongst other duties
 have full power and authority to take all actions and to make all determinations required or provided for under the 2019 Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the 2019 Incentive Plan
 the Company may grant options
 share appreciation rights
 restricted shares
 restricted share units
Subject to adjustment as described in the 2019 Incentive Plan
 the aggregate number of common shares (&#147;Shares&#148;) available for issuance under the 2019 Incentive Plan is One Hundred Two Million (102
000
000) Shares. The exercise price of each Share subject to an Option (as defined in the 2019 Incentive Plan) shall be at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Incentive Plan) (except in the case of a more than 10% shareholder of the Company
 in which case the price should not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value) on the date of the grant of a Share and shall have a term of no more than ten years. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2020
 49
500
000 Options have been issued with terms between 5 years and 10 years. Based on certain performance milestones
 the grant agreements also provide for the issuance of an additional 13
000
000 options of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of at least the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan) on the date of the grant of a Share and with a term of no more than ten years
 issuance of an additional 13
000
December 31
December 31
Outstanding
29
000
20
500
29
000
Outstanding
49
500
29
000
Options outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
28
000
28
000
1
500
1
500
3
000
3
500
3
500
1
500
1
125
2
000
2
000
10
000
3
000
49
500
39
125
On March 4
 2020
 the Company entered into an employment letter with Philip Rice
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company (&#147;Agreement&#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement
 Mr. Rice will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for one year
 with successive automatic renewals for one-year terms
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on at least sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of the Agreement. Mr. Rice will receive an annual base salary
 commencing on January 1
 2020
 of $280
000 (&#147;Base Salary&#148;). The Base Salary shall increase to $300
000
 when the following event occurs: within one (1) year after the Effective Date
 the Company enters into a term sheet and receives the related financing to receive at least $15
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt (&#147;Third Party Financing&#148;) on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company (the &#147;Board&#148;). On the date the Agreement was executed
 Mr. Rice received a $25
000 retention bonus and was issued a fully-vested nonqualified stock option to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at a price $0.15 per share with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $297
Mr. Rice shall also receive a bonus of $50
000 and a fully-vested nonqualified stock option to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock exercisable at a price equal to the sixty (60) day trailing quoted price of the Common Stock of the Company in the OTC market
 10 year term
 upon the closing
 prior to December 31
 2020
 of Third Party Financing which raises at least $15
000
000
 as long as Mr. Rice was employed at the time of closing or was employed within one year prior to the closing. If
 upon the closing prior to December 31
 2021 of Third Party Financing which raises at least $10
000
000 for the Company
 Mr. Rice shall receive an additional bonus of $50
000
Mr. Rice&#146;s Agreement provides that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreement) occurs and Mr. Rice resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the Agreement) or Mr. Rice&#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreement) during the 24-month period following the Change of Control or during the sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of Control
 100% of Mr. Rice&#146;s unvested options will be fully vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. Mr. Rice&#146;s Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
Mr. Rice will receive the following severance benefits following a termination (as defined) of employment: a continuation of his Base Salary for one (1) year and a fully-vested
 nonqualified stock option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at a price equal to the sixty (60) day trailing quoted price of the Common Stock of the Company in the OTC market
Prior to this Agreement
 as compensation for serving as Chief Financial Officer
 the Company
 quarterly
 issued warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and compliant manner
 at which time such warrants would vest. On February 12
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.10. The warrants were valued at $4
766 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 180.46%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.53%. On May 13
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.10. The warrants were valued at $4
800 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.72%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.18%. On August 7
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.08. The warrants were valued at $3
850 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 184.57%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 1.59%. On October 28
 2019
 the Company issued the CFO warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at $0.08. The warrants were valued at $3
December 31
December 31
Outstanding
194
204
192
148
23
005
12
783
(14
365
(9
688
(345
(2
667
(694
Outstanding
200
177
194
204
Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
1
000
1
000
16
050
16
050
2
500
2
500
30
418
30
418
225
225
124
773
124
773
3
704
3
704
18
555
18
555
2
550
2
550
400
400
200
177
200
177
006



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







In March 2020
 the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a disease caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) to be a pandemic. &nbsp;Global pandemics and other natural disasters or geopolitical actions
 including related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 could affect the Company&#146;s ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic
 the expectation was that there would be forward moment with the production of our algal biomass
 validation and purification. However
 these were temporarily suspended and/or delayed
The Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 Andrew Dahl
 is serving as Chief Executive Officer under the terms of an employment agreement dated November 29
 2019 (&#147;Agreement&#148;) that superseded and replaced all prior employment agreements and understandings. Under the terms of the Agreement
 Mr. Dahl&#146;s agreement provides for a term of three years
 with successive automatic renewals for one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Dahl Agreement on at least 60 days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of Mr. Dahl&#146;s employment. Mr. Dahl has received an annual base salary
 commencing on June 1
 2019
 of $440
000 (&#147;Base Salary&#148;)
 of which $7
500 per month will be deferred until either of the following events occur: (i) within five (5) years after the Effective Date
 the Company enters into a term sheet to receive at least $25
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company (the &#147;Board&#148;) including funding at closing on such terms of at least $10 million; or (ii) within 12 months after the Effective Date that the Company receives revenue of at least $10 million. The Company has accrued $120
000 of the deferred salary as of September 30
 2020
Mr. Dahl is entitled to a Revenue Bonus (as defined in the Agreement) equal to 2% of the Company&#146;s revenue contribution in accordance with a formula as detailed in the Agreement. No Revenue Bonus is payable in any year where there is an Operating Net Loss (as defined in the Agreement). For the 2020 fiscal year (January 1
 2020 to December 31
 2020) (&#147;Year One&#148;)
 the Company shall pay Mr. Dahl a bonus equal to 50% of his Base Salary if the Company achieves revenues for Year One which are (w) at least $500
000; and (x) greater than that for the 12-month period immediately preceding Year One. In addition
 for 2021 fiscal year (January 1
 2021 through December 31
 2021) (&#147;Year Two&#148;)
 the Company shall pay Mr. Dahl a bonus equal to 50% of the Base Salary if the Company achieves revenues for Year Two which are (y) at least $500
Mr. Dahl will be entitled to non-qualified performance-based options having an exercise price equal to the greater of $0.10 per share and the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Long-term Incentive Plan)
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: (i) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
000
000 common shares upon identification of bioactive agents in the Company product and filing of a patent with respect thereto; (ii) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon entering into a contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments; (iii) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays); (iv) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
000 common shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays); and (v) Non-qualified option to purchase 1
500
As it relates to the Company&#145;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Wellmetrix

 if and when at least $2 million in equity capital is raised from a third party and invested in Wellmetrix in an arms-length transaction
 Mr. Dahl shall be granted a warrant to purchase an equity interest in Wellmetrix that is equal to the equity interest in Wellmetrix owned by the Company at the time of the first tranche of any such capital raise (the &#147;Wellmetrix Warrant&#148;). The Wellmetrix Warrant shall be fully vested as of the date it is granted and shall expire on the tenth (10th) anniversary of the grant date. Once granted
 the Wellmetrix Warrant may be exercised from time to time in whole or in part
Mr. Dahl&#146;s Employment Agreement provides that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Agreement) occurs Mr. Dahl&#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Agreement) or Mr. Dahl resigns for Good Cause (as defined in the Dahl Agreement) during the 24-month period following the Change of Control or during the sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of Control
 100% of Mr. Dahl&#146;s unvested options will be fully. Mr. Dahl&#146;s Employment Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
As of December 31
 2019
 the milestone relating to the identification of bioactive agents in the Company product and the filing of a patent with respect thereto was met
 thereby triggering the option to purchase 1
000
000 common shares. As per the Agreement
 the Company issued a non-qualified option to purchase 1 million shares of the Company according to the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $0.14 with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $138
On November 15
 2019
 the Company issued a non-qualified option to purchase 28 million shares of the Company according to the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $0.10 with a term of 10 years (these options were valued at $2
497
On September 30
 2019
 effective July 9
 2019
 the Company entered into an agreement with an Investment Opportunity Provider (IOP). The IOP has been engaged as an exclusive financial advisor in connection with the proposed securities offering and sale of up to $35 million of the Company&#146;s Common Stock. The Company has agreed to pay the IOP
 upon the acceptance of a successful funding transaction
 a fee of 1% of the aggregate value of the transaction and a warrant to purchase up to 6
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 for a term of five years. As of December 31
 2020
 in connection with this agreement
On May 4
 2020
 the Company entered into a Financial Consulting and Corporate Advisory Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;). The Agreement calls for a non-refundable initial fee of $25
000 and two additional monthly fees of $15
000 per month. To the extent a transaction (defined as the sale of equity securities
 hybrid debt and equity securities or the entering into any fund capital
 joint venture
 buy out
 or similar transactions) is entered into
 then the Company will pay an 8% fee based on the value of the transaction. A 50% credit of the initial fee and monthly fees will be credited against the 8% fee. This Agreement can be cancelled at any time by either party
 however
On July 16
 2020
 the Company entered into an Advisory Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;). The Agreement calls for monthly fees of $10
000 per month. The Agreement is on a month-to-month renewal basis. Upon each renewal (starting with the second month)
 the Company shall issue a warrant to purchase 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 for a term of five years. The Company issued warrants to purchase 450
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 for a term of five years valued at $51
On February 27
 2019
 the Company entered into a Supply Chain Consulting Agreement with a consultant (&#147;Consultant&#148;) (see Note 11 &#150;&nbsp;Stockholders&#146; Deficiency). In May 2019
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 5
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 for a term of five years to the Consultant. The warrants were valued at $529
023 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 181.49%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 2.34%. In October 2019
 2
000
000 of those warrants were returned to the Company resulting in a reduction in the value of $211
609. On September 14
 2019
 the parties entered into a First Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement (&#147;Supply Consulting Agreement Amendment&#148;). The Supply Consulting Agreement Amendment provides that the Consultant will identify and help negotiate the terms of potential joint ventures involving algae production development projects or related transactions or business combinations (&#147;Development Project&#148;). The Supply Consulting Agreement provides for exclusivity in Southeast Asia; Oceania; Indian subcontinent; and Africa; with regions in the Middle East by mutual agreement. The closing of a Development Project (as acceptable to the Company) is defined as the date that the Company is able
 financially and otherwise
 to proceed with engineering and construction of algae production facilities
 processing or warehousing facilities and supply chain development
 or related business combinations rendering an equivalent outcome (in the reasonable determination of the Company)
 for the production
 processing
 transport
 compliance
 marketing and resale of its proprietary algae biomass. Upon the closing of a Development Project
 the Company will pay cash fees of $300
000 to Consultant
 pay an on-going monthly fee of $50
000 for 24 months and issue to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. On November 24
 2020
 
 the parties entered into a Second Amendment to the Supply Chain Consulting Agreement whereby the issuance to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase nineteen million (19
000
000) shares of the Company&#146;s common stock was reduced to thirteen million (13
000
000) shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 and a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase three million (3
000
000) shares of the Company&#146;s common stock was issued to a member of the Consultant. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $386
348 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 148.83%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.39%. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2020
 the Development Project has not closed
The Board of Directors has also authorized the Company to issue to Consultant a cashless warrant with a five-year term to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share at its discretion. As of December 31
 2020
On December 27
 2019
 the Company entered into a Marketing / Public Relations Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with a consultant (&#147;Consultant&#148;). The Agreement provides that the Consultant will assist the Company in identifying and assist in the negotiation of potential licensing
 product sales
 joint ventures and venture financing of projects outside of the United States and provide advice for the Company&#146;s long-term business strategy and commercial relationships. The Agreement calls for the issuance of warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price based on the closing market price on the day of issuance
 with a five-year term. For commercial transactions whose value is determined and agreed to by both parties exceeding $1
000
000 (&#147;Qualifying Transaction&#148;)
 the Company shall issue to Consultant a warrant to purchase common stock in the amount of 500
000 shares. For each successive Qualifying Transaction of at least $1
000
000
 the Consultant shall be issued 300
000 shares up to a maximum cumulative award of 5
000
000 shares in warrant form in total. Further
 the Company will pay a 4% commission on the revenue received on the sale of Company algal product to one or more entities identified and cultivated by Consultant
 and on the revenue received from licensing the Company&#146;s intellectual property to such entities identified and cultivated by Consultant
 for a period of three (3) years from the effective date of a qualifying transaction. The Agreement also calls for a $5
000 payment upon signing and monthly payments of $5
000 once a Qualifying Transaction
 the sale of an algal product or revenue from a licensing transaction occurs. As of December 31
 2020
 a commercial transaction has not closed
We may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 there are no legal matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







At December 31
 2019 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $72
890
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
At December 31
 2020 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $19
680
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 27% and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to a decrease in the valuation allowance of approximately $1
041
000 in 2020.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







On January 1
 2021
 the Board of Directors appointed Keith Marchiando as the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer and the Company entered into an employment letter with Mr. Marchiando (&#147;Marchiando Agreement&#148;). Under the terms of the Marchiando Agreement
 Mr. Marchiando will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for one year
 with successive automatic renewals for one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Marchiando Agreement on at least sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the then current term of the Marchiando Agreement. Mr. Marchiando will receive an annual base salary
 commencing on January 1
 2021
 of $280
000 (&#147;Marchiando Base Salary&#148;). The Marchiando Base Salary shall increase to $300
000 if within one (1) year after the effective date
 the Company enters into a term sheet and receives the related financing to receive at least $10
000
000 in equity or other form of investment or debt (&#147;Third Party Financing&#148;) on terms satisfactory to the board of directors of the Company. On January 1
 2021
 Mr. Marchiando received a stock option award issued pursuant to the Company&#146;s 2019 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan to purchase 13
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (&#147;Common Stock&#148;)
 with an exercise price of $0.14 per share and a 10-year life. Vesting of these options shall be as follows: 3
000
000 shares vested immediately upon grant of the option award
 and 1
250
000 shares will vest on each six-month anniversary of January 1
 2021. &nbsp;The option to purchase the shares has a total value of $1
779
065 based on a Black Scholes valuation model with a volatility of 143.89%
 a 0% dividend rate
 and a discount rate of 0.36%. &nbsp;The Company will record an expense of $410.553 in the first quarter of 2021 and $171
Mr. Marchiando shall also receive $25
000 upon the closing
 prior to December 31
 2021
 of a Third Party Financing that raises at least $10
000
000. If
 upon the closing prior to December 31
 2021 of a Third Party Financing that raises over $13
000
000 for the Company
 Mr. Marchiando shall receive a maximum bonus of $50
000
If Mr. Marchiando&#146;s employment is terminated by the Company due to death or Disability
 or without Cause
 or if Mr. Marchiando resigns for Good Reason (each as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) or if either party does not renew the employment term
 Mr. Marchiando will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: a continuation of the Marchiando Base Salary for one year
 payment of an amount equal to Mr. Marchiando&#146;s target bonus in the year of termination and a fully-vested
 nonqualified stock option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock. Additionally
 all outstanding and contingent nonqualified options owned directly or beneficially by Mr. Marchiando shall be converted immediately into vested options
The Marchiando Agreement provides that if a Change of Control (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) occurs and Mr. Marchiando resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) or Mr. Marchiando&#146;s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Marchiando Agreement) during the 24-month period following the Change of Control or during the sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of Control
 vested and the restrictions on his restricted shares will lapse. The Marchiando Agreement also provides for severance payments of
 amongst other things
 a lump sum payment of 200% of the Marchiando Base Salary
Upon the Board of Directors' appointment of Keith Marchiando to the role of Chief Financial Officer for the Company
 an existing account payable to Mr. Marchiando in the amount of $26
400 became an amount due to a related party. &nbsp;Prior to his appointment
On January 1
 2021
 Mr. Rice resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 and following a transition period
 agreed to resign from all positions as an officer or employee of the Company effective as of January 31
 2021 (the &#147;Separation Date&#148;). The Separation Agreement provides that Mr. Rice will receive certain benefits that he is entitled to receive under his employment agreement dated March 4
 2020. &nbsp;Accordingly
 under the Separation Agreement
 the Company has agreed to pay Mr. Rice his base salary of $280
000 for one year and three weeks
 beginning on the Separation Date
 and grant him an option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock for $0.14 per share and a five-year life. The option to purchase the shares has a total value of $125
061 based on a Black Scholes valuation model with a volatility of 143.89%
 a 0% dividend rate
Through February 25
 2021
 the Company
 through direct private transactions
 has received proceeds from the sale of 5
310
435 shares of common stock in the amount of $705
In 2019
 in connection with the Lender's Convertible Note
 the Lender took out a life insurance policy on Andrew Dahl
 the Company's Chief Executive Officer. On February 23
 2021
Through February 25
 2021
 the Company entered into three (3) additional Agreements totaling $105
000 with third parties (&#147;Additional Participants&#148;). The total investment of $105
000 came from cash in the amount of $96
000 and the conversion of a Note Payable &#150;&nbsp;Related Party of $9
000. &nbsp;The Agreements provide for payments by the Company to the Additional Participants of an additional aggregate of 1.575% of fees generated by the Company from licensing or selling bioactive ingredients or molecules (including the Revenue Share). The Agreements also call for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 315
000 shares of common stock with a term of five years and at exercise prices of $0.14 per share. The warrants to purchase the shares has a total value of $40
799 based on a Black Scholes valuation models with a volatility between 139.55% and 140.20%
 a 0% dividend rate
 and a discount rate range of 0.41% to 0.45%. &nbsp;The Company will record an expense for the full amount in the first quarter of 2021.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zivo Bioscience
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Wellmetrix
 LLC
 Zivo Bioscience
 LLC and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.







Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates
 actual results could differ from those estimates. Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2020
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.







Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU No. 2016-02 (ASC 842)
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with certain exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
 and ASU 2019-01
 Codification Improvements
 to clarify and amend the guidance in ASU No. 2016-02. ASC 842 eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
Operating lease assets are included within operating lease right-of-use assets
 and the corresponding operating lease liabilities are recorded as current portion of long-term operating lease
 and within long-term liabilities as long-term operating lease
 net of current portion on our balance sheet as of December 31
Lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Because our lease does not provide an implicit rate of return
 we used our incremental borrowing rate
 based on the information available
 in determining the present value of lease payments.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs (as amended) as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. Debt Issuance Costs are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related notes. Amortization of debt issuance costs amounted to $-0- and $1
187
817 and are included in Interest Expense and Interest Expense &#150;&#160;Related Parties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company had $-0- unamortized Debt Issuance Costs.







Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Revenue is recognized in accordance with revenue recognition accounting guidance
 which utilizes five steps to determine whether revenue can be recognized and to what extent: (i) identify the contract with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s); (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) determine the recognition period. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception
 once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Significant judgments exercised by management include the identification of performance obligations
 and whether such promised goods or services are considered distinct. The Company evaluates promised goods or services on a contract-by-contract basis to determine whether each promise represents a good or service that is distinct or has the same pattern of transfer as other promises. A promised good or service is considered distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service independently of other goods/services either in the contract or that can be obtained elsewhere
 without regard to contract exclusivity
 and the entity&#146;s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contact. If the good or service is not considered distinct
For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had $20
000 and $-0- of service revenue
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Research and development (&#147;R&amp;D&#148;) costs are expensed as incurred. The Company's R&amp;D costs
 including internal expenses
 consist of clinical study expenses as it relates to the BioTech business and the development and growing of algae as it relates to the AgTech business. These consist of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct business with Company development by independent outside contractors. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $1
359
000 and $2
043
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &nbsp;Internal expenses
 composed of staff salaries compose approximately $2
396
000 and $264
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We have adjusted Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities in accordance with the December 22
 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. (See Note 11 &#150;&#160;Income Taxes).







Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The Company
 from time to time
 issues common stock or grants common stock options and warrants to its employees
 consultants and board members. At the date of grant
During 2020 and 2019
 options and warrants were granted to employees
 the Board of Directors and consultants of the Company. As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded expenses of $3
847
907 and $3
605
235 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee options and warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the warrants.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of options and warrants and conversions of debentures. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2020
 consisted of 77
955
991 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 249
677
006 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2019
 consisted of 73
871
688 common shares from convertible debentures and related accrued interest and 223
204
339 common shares from outstanding options and warrants. For 2020 and 2019
 diluted and basic weighted average shares were the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.







Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. The Company has historically maintained cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current FDIC limit of $250
000 at times during the year.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











































Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
&#148; ASU 2014-09 superseded the revenue recognition requirements in &#147;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
&#148; and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases
 to require lessees to recognize all leases
 with limited exceptions
 on the balance sheet
 while recognition on the statement of operations will remain similar to current lease accounting. The ASU also eliminates real estate-specific provisions and modifies certain aspects of lessor accounting. Subsequently
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements
 and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors
The Company has adopted both of the ASUs on January 1
 2019. Prior comparative periods were not required to be restated and the ASUs have not had an impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.







Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020















Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Fair Value of Warrants
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020






Property
 Plant and Equipment
December 31
December 31
20
20
80
80
100
100
(100
(100
000)







Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
49
29
 &nbsp;&nbsp;Long-Term Operating Lease
15
44
350







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Operating leases
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
 2020







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Components of lease expense
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
 2020







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Other information related to leases
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
6
091







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Supplemental cash flow information related to leases
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
31
December 31
15
December 31
1
48
4
44
29
15
178







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Maturities of operating lease liability
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
240
240
11% Convertible note payable &#150;&#160;HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $-0- and $-0-
 respectively
 due June 30
 2019 (as of December 31
4
090
4
090
11% Convertible note payable &#150;&#160;New Lenders; placed by Paulson
 due at various dates ranging from September 2018 to October 2019 (as of December 31
850
950
5
180
5
280
5
180
5
280
342







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Convertible Debt
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







April 13
100
300
April 13
150
450
April 13
150
450
May 7
250
750
June 1
275
825
82
June 3
225
675
67
July 8
100
300
30
Aug. 24
125
375
37
Sept. 14
150
450
45
Sept.15
50
150
15
Sept.15
50
150
15
Sept.25
300
450
420
Oct. 4
100
300
30
Oct. 4
250
750
75
Oct. 8
500
1
500
150
Oct. 9
50
150
15
Dec. 16
10
30
3
2
835
8
055
985
500







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Deferred Revenue
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
December 31
Outstanding
29
000
20
500
29
000
Outstanding
49
500
29
000
000









December 31
December 31
Outstanding
194
204
192
148
23
005
12
783
(14
365
(9
688
(345
(2
667
(694
Outstanding
200
177
194
204
339







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Status of Warrants
 during the indicated time period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







28
000
28
000
1
500
1
500
3
000
3
500
3
500
1
500
1
125
2
000
2
000
10
000
3
000
49
500
39
125
000









1
000
1
000
16
050
16
050
2
500
2
500
30
418
30
418
225
225
124
773
124
773
3
704
3
704
18
555
18
555
2
550
2
550
400
400
200
177
200
177
006







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range
 during the indicated time period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











105
729)


510
166)





226
100







310
614









Represents the monetary amount of Accumulated Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Working capital deficiency
 as of the indicated date.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019













187
817







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of deferred financing costs
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expense

847
907


605
235













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










































































Represents the per-share monetary value of Expected dividends
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Expected term
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Expected volatility
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Risk free rate
 during the indicated time period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from convertible debentures

955
991


871
688



Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from outstanding warrants

677
006


204
339







Represents the Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from convertible debentures (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Potentially dilutive securities
 Common shares from outstanding warrants (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




















Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











000


000





000


000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

000


000





000)


000)



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Nonproduction










The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000



HEP Investments
 LLC




Due to Related Parties
 Current

429





500







Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NOTE 7 - LOAN PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES: Christopher Maggiore (Details)















000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









1% Convertible notes payable
 due April 2017

000


000





090
342


090
342





000


000



Convertible Debt
 Total

180
342


280
342





180
342


280
342














Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Debt
 Total
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Current portion
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Long term portion
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 11% Convertible note payable
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 11% Convertible note payable - New Lenders
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of 1% Convertible notes payable
 due April 2017
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019













608







Represents the monetary amount of Amortization of debt discounts
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

200
000
000


200
000
000










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2019





Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

200
000
000






































Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




280
366


614










Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date



  2019



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction



000 shares of common stock



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share













Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2020





Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 shares of common stock





Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share










Represents the monetary amount of Directors' fees
 during the indicated time period.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

744
588 shares of its common stock



Issuance of common stock for cash
 Shares | shares

744
588



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share | $ / shares






866








Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

500
000 shares of its common stock



Issuance of common stock for cash
 Shares | shares

500
000



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share | $ / shares






650
000







Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.






















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

500
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares

125
000



Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

177
006



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

177
006



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Outstanding Options
 Range




Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

000
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares

000
000



Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price









Outstanding Options
 Range




Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

500
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares

500
000



Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price









Outstanding Options
 Range




Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

000
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares




Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price









Outstanding Options
 Range




Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

500
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares

500
000



Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price









Outstanding Options
 Range




Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

500
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares

125
000



Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price









Outstanding Options
 Range




Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

000
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares

000
000



Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price









Outstanding Options
 Range




Outstanding Options
 Number | shares

000
000



Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life




Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price




Exercisable Options
 Number | shares

000
000



Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

050
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

050
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

500
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

500
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

418
477



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

418
477



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

773
734



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

773
734



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

704
795



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

704
795



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

555
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

555
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

550
000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

550
000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years









Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price




Warrants Outstanding
 Number

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years




Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price




Warrants Exercisable
 Number

000



Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years








Represents the per-share monetary value of Exercisable Options
 Exercixe Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Exercisable Options
 Number (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Outstanding Options
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Outstanding Options
 Number (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Outstanding Options
 Range
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Exercisable
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Exercisable
 Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Exercisable
 Number
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding
 Average Weighted Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Outstanding
 Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding
 Number
 as of the indicated date.















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




204
339


148
956



Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








005
000


783
672



Warrants Issued
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








365
000)


688
917)



Warrants Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price










205)



Warrants Cancelled
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








667
333)


167)



Warrants Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








177
006


204
339



Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price










Represents the Warrants Cancelled (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Cancelled
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Exercised (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Expired (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Issued (number of shares)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Issued
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the Warrants Outstanding (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the per-share monetary value of Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 as of the indicated date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Subsequent Event
 Date

  2021



Subsequent Event
 Description









Subsequent Event
 Date

  2021



Subsequent Event
 Description









Subsequent Event
 Description

 through direct private transactions
 has received proceeds from the sale of 5
310
435 shares of common stock








Subsequent Event
 Description

000 with third parties




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
















































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+/
M2@

\I1$QD
=^


7?/Q
_0PS&K!'AYXR\)H#ZZ:)
M\33V+5P!$XPPN?Q=0+

M4EYC^96MI%/$#;M

W=M_

M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (

X$L&7SU9+
)%V;-.$6TZ[9VP!6AB6ZXDA^3?


MS ./CP_JL^+CX6-63/.)C+Z+T&PO6\


8W!9O,/]NX
M\'C'<5S7<1W:1V!Z%4P/%9L)';(_.!
0;\

M4NFN



L?0ZI+@XJ;^%FTAM0%3_BG2TZ
%5_2''FI^;ETH7-SA

G]&H8EQ^9';EU:7+PB

P3P]5^S9[/^M@!U4J&






M&[K^:-Q]MA!XM?5[C=8/D(P8YKY+(X


V)FE


X !HO9;LOL3


Z
M:'W


1-'3;H[](

.HWY$(VHF
9(;-$37);/R51ZJ!7F1M1W
M&^7KJ);RHXIN9*6[Y.NCC-4O-.('D<=&:I$^&H[3?# ZJ(49=FHQ=:Z8\)G:
M<VF9[W.2RSM[1.^< =9&\$+ML9W@;#68GF?'2 WKQ\T.(B:W'2<;?'A6JCQ


;L.4[B8LU!ETM!-S+6/81@EWA:




M:#3^.AE.5M8541L&L1O&4*0IV

1&X+
M6UK;!;W&+LIYV(MDPV7^R<::ZC9PXZ!'1\W+=D$#2D-W;#E2$!KRZ#7G%DN

16'O78CS2&'#&(TWWXF5;\:;S&Y.[&/;L=]H/
Y@ SR]/+P



M;V_:



PS&C#N R*W._-=9&K%@67
-?$M$W#]*\[$&H[#:)@M_'(5S6Z

M/%33('1 (*!$Y\#L90
S$



B[
7YR2P2GQ
M3N.S+6P:^T N4)4O5ZYE1&D;^8X^


7E


:1[@QTICK?**4L-$T+7
MR.(D'XR&:FY)1T-RXFF2XR4%[)1E






_643K(SG4Q#^M0SG41CUO0BO4O5ZE_L=YV+OIR#.MV\%5F7



^Q ]2

M*FH1W/F.HV/5

M7L9B&1W;S6[CV(YIFW:36V-HNIYK=8+7'0+UMX@FN):S7?_O OGT)J;&#D$W
M@%T;K6X7R/U$$B_X 5


V FT..,4 TZ.ZICP3K@X
M=*C;@S@78BH-Q/\[0OAU(!]0G31'_P%02P,$%     @ )X)94C,'89Y[!P
M]R8  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-2YX;6R]FFUSFS@0Q[^*QO?4
MFXEK]
!3FV2FL=VYSO3N
LFU?:V '#/%R 4Y:;[]29@8(PE!FMR]B8VS6NWN
M7X(?Z?WO/Q:K1D3X/LF+ZJSR5J([9O9K$K6;$.KUWS+OF?%2\W5
C#\G96






UV;042=]_Y^__3TY94*5*R\RQ)FS=H?
MG9N6H1^C
-(RWK0T7+042?KX)!U\/2LY;H$?*M.1MT*@%_I9OOV)[4+WI8L

MDZ2EZ%DN*0A_ 1\Y+23K/-;G-7G')HDI;+.L%DV




224OM:_D'N?E'[W@\
M)2P+U:BPC(:'2




;WET;?32.SKX1#XNL%
($(QR%$4
]_N+ED


A[:Z+?D%GL#*$&



MG8Y;*
$OT.\9*I)#71-;D.


Z/UHLIW'L!?@XT;U:-E
(
?3







6N)5+KLJ3RZ8P5XN%X@B?;!Y_X_5*;!].3HQ6]9S=

S(#:XBMG#VKG&ADJMT)\-S=7^?$D
M
3Q)
M)RAG=W1=Z$_BX1_6$HJ-OTP4JOZ+'EK;8(*RM=*B; <#@I)7S2]]; .Q,P G
M(P-(.X ,!T0C \)V0%@3;9#5M,ZIIB='4CP@::S!F[FH8U./!C:\,LMXHR7\
ME\,X?;(0E1(%SZEF.;K1\ -KI!42=VA!U1)=PCHK]!I]N3E'!W^^.IIJF-0,
MG6;M!&?-!&1D DS0!U'II4(75<[R?0=30-M!)EO(9\3K\9QE;U(#Q$)2.



*L
&VE
.-V02R


MO(*E





K\Q
T&&N*

M


\
R&;-N-

M*_;(9
;5.#





#
MK-/6/NV%^
YWWW=WR7V
MV3O78WHX5$KXR9)[7USEJ8NKU$+=TP-&KXIR6KA






M@C

MSJO@=-'YKA=+V0


M%1T 
TL+C:6&)^59MTH2B#OI@IDD5X8J87J0=UJ82)1L8MU;=.H;I[!K9F


#W7+/?&X'@\+\Q_050
M2P

N5


M[.##[QSG'=YEQ


$A
M%:WQ. [V:Q;&$OM:$3+-U9S-D.U@F*63DP3]9QL.':36^W2-=BH*Z?LJ3 O
M:?A&] YRT4@GE.\2F4NN\W4@!B99=@AVT8$@J#Q_7&I5L+&(?W;X88?)%.0/
M)S




M)V5+9U 2+\O94&
+'KO?+YZ$
M5&*N..X'.J@B9*M;D[


MU'+.Q
E%8%9M- ?ZVA2:]?3MW)12R@0B:!JC;8;4+8(7Q^EC:4SRZ%X:X'




0H*#XA*FZ?[1P8A
O







M!@4+7?J_\C'((9EP.MPQ81PFC)ENOQ%3^4Y6\NUK:QZ$I=%8C3XPJSP;Q.F2


KOE/90!R




Q:4IG2ET+MD][N9*9
T3E8NI

M*1;%MKJLE
W
8BG+E:BL+)WDP.%XA8;9N;Q78J)4*52AX9 L*UTFLL


*BJ8VX

%MJSAUZ[15*(?

.;[Q9PKOGR



MDU?OWUU?TJ?35R]%O23=_# ^&O:&PR'B4


XF:800Y
QDSF!)9H'+WE$;#)2JV ''I.6

M!(YV(:&P2H%F-+;DH(PS4)GV';*$0#&H!XA7:)^JA_CWLQA
7TB%R_MI8L

M;'1^^U5\


A&I0\:#[J@+$*J 819





?+!
M



HMT/S@TVIXC

M+P]HF

MU%#.A#!K)#' !

BNK_*7G$:JD.



/PU+

NSONJY$

MZZ?5'3XYX%38\VW2\8P])%C8H[(9

7I'*$S53DG60Q=*I^LF


H+C\FH.U.H
;\C/\*^N(1
M9^?=/+YK ?'V#LWO8P(B!WK=O<^#\E@R+/X%CBEMYCNM[\!287SSK?,B3UZ$
M=L^7/\O%\M6[V/'Y+2:2L/,7)\)D/ZL7XB'1R+4Z=3+CN4$O[1=FX(..J@#

ME=63NO*PV813


7'BAU=



,QGP2<).X2./XZN!WPRI=U6/=O9N+$.2'B
M%[=*;K])$:CV(=+T\Y+F&=ELF_B@GO!9*!(D9[_7YI#)@[GCL;U?<\X2\=M


NFU*@X8*)GH4@6?


MOG/I
5Z\Y'R6


 P
%S/YZC+=RUP7
#4ZLP+I
=LF?5TR8 U7MP[[PS.ZJO<U?GG9_7@\PXB![LN



FH_^=$9O&G&/ZWC'S64
#D:
]?.HQ?*K/DG[!!AG!=

$T@
MC29-.QA;6VG=.C&);:7K0#RZR:6Q%MO!=FC+K^?L9%DG:.&!A\9W]GV?O[OZ


M[T+!N Q& [\WU:.!JFS!)4XUF$H(IC=C+-1J&'2#IXT97^;6;82C0
%*@L9L&)QW3\=]%^\#OG!<F2T;78+I1Z=<YT.@\@)P@(3
MZQ@8+3_P HO$9&,[PUGT%[I@-OV$_N5SYUR63#%ZKXRE.;#X.3 %+
6%78

















MJ)6[T^M?L+%GS'B95M;_PCK0TF?(:NMTT33!H4LPRJ^-W[889C$;SD#4/J

MO#\:.
+DFT'6\)\%_O0-_B2%S[IT*PN798[YCP #4J;5*-UJ=):^BWB!61^&
M201IG
0#+.9H(#D(?HC K1#.=5&)<@-8.C28@RR=!@&I!YA

M'8^BZ70(^HG@V6
5&JGS/MQD64VNRS9
Y2\





9
CSVOA$N-7&
MOR\4\&M=+GL/%((=U!#R+J33*#E(WR:)X OZ'-['I3 E!Q-68A0-Q['W
:5;



L$
M@;0?3SRRA0MI





O

BYX;6RM5=MNTT 0_961J1!()K[$21N:1$J;($ %HA) /*[M2;RJ


MQ.(=X#/'5I^LP4:22GEG-V_RA1=:05AB9BP#H]=WO


\!E))KY8 J$

YY3

M=\ 


MJ8WZC74P_$26/P%02P
$%     @ )X)94B
8SP2!   6PD  !D   !X;]W

3



M#V6A[%F0.U=]'@QLFF
I;%]7J&AEJTTI' W-;F K@R+S3F4Q2*+H9% *J8+I
MQ
^MS'2B:U=(A2L#MBY+81[/L=#[LR .#A

)Y78X1K=']7*T&C0


S[[!:O;W['RY
-[C)*[AQ E=:N=S0F68/0<8$
F.

M_1*/HR]O@\
2. THCEANP.J0SA
MRO1_B!"@$P:.C_:@% 9#:W<*;F5J5 .;X

MI7 ]A!%$3A];-':P5KK%Q#)1X?J))J*I'GFVT(46BLY?P;,MJV)$]4

\(V MCFY=8)



MIPH9-6S[

%1

Z!+







MH_9(VNB_;J2_8=MARTP:=5.DO^FD6KX\FAZ)1
UEG58?B\U/RMDS)GEQD1K^

5&

MKS^].*\@GA:=QT[4M145'1 UB


.]T&C6[X7&8D

GXEC?0)=WQ70\VI1*D6214VZB
T2%O#A5CDA:0$$


MW.*XI1JO6CA!8.K*Y3DYD X[X #RHZ2
=*7BO&D+(W=]E&7R4ZI

MY?D6WDBIQ]?P'6H284+6M.DC#R*'CXN44=#7Z$3+4L

M:F65@ECR4)



G;KALJD= K$3I[IF39N0J+

&




MFEQ$!#)=9\9RBF \&7

!;W


YQ$[OFR6EXR@%]
KP8!9-PRCVE 42S'Q&CD+?8
QI<M)A%R/4[9?*3<_:;N
P9X.T50VY=A)H

M^! [4S6J]K
\4100G;-:CD$BL33PQP^(4:XS;)A.5
35T:/0OJJ=X.?1CT


@Y&P^@OJ^3QY&P2?E_Y#LXFHZ??

J5PNJ J9





M+TZ@+2


NFZN RZ;.:A@!8KK';=B3/O=ASEH@$#4MIF CP&[Z@5CM^VJ0
M


WD3SO@'YM-^Q7+







MP1^P\:UD7Z[0D&WG?LI 

M#2C/HT+T.9DOJ%#X=PU;9!55X _+_KQE4W=9NG3_CX/!U-HW)EK$K]XI@Y9W
M8\%



M&/8AD423S]T]]]R1/-U8=^?74@9Z*+7Q9]DZA.K=:.3SM2R%']I*&ORRM*X4
M 9]N-?*5DZ*(BTH]FH['OXQ*H4QV?AK'YN[\U-9!*R/GCGQ=EL)M+Z2VF[-L







RKQ$%5*]\


H@9
M]#






MR@












?L=O)^\O PN64/D]\F'W^=X-%T
M_/!X=W

3P$GBI[EVTT2O3!-&[%X59E6R


M!==
4)H82!;Y7.@=T5T[XD;E:UYL


C]D$F:%T:




M]^'






S2$B=#/*H6-(73!;.$)ST)Z\2_0 5Z:H(
&Z(\P^0*1
NRS*^\EUZE5YK\W






M)!/7!2OKU8H7#^]$FM^_.; /=
--LEA6V'#Z]O6:+\2MJ/ZQOB[@VVE#)4Y6

\OP+?KF
WQQ8N1BJAAS^




9+V5W$!O9.L@C
MHA0T+*M7
U$0T;I:YD7R;YB
O;%[D*S:Q+
.2_^M^0-
V


M

MM+



;D$N'UCR/BE@4 X*-1= #)3P5JPKJ85.T(6#F1X2-T
6H$:(




MQ-U#QY7&AS

N3!+:-O3D
/9S\@
M)=]M1
6?T&;?F1J6XSX?--JF-]U/EQW3]5ZPHUL (G30V53[P.B0)!6R51HN
M

*B^SLT U!1::E6#5]9


M%$@9Y7%'


7<3Y?
MX68,G!5<8,NW]:Q'A^YTCZQ@^
TC6
IDU:6
/
=\B')T'?-5;!B.X;O3EI*


0




0%])0#S0B5




M
=5@Q.=DPKJ@H0%&=8W=Y7@_:(K'Y0E[K:&(^PJ14\#^H^UU/4M$@4KW.1
M'2);8KI)V=:-60E8D2EX8W/)&=Q914\B2IEW!6F8I;)8ID^(&ER3SIWLL8
M0'P.NHN?O@C8XVJ=Y@]X8T)W_GB)C;!6@@3EG4D.
J]DQ%36T;)YB.4;*ZI.




M]2G=V;IY\.


D?B6R36C;E&7&(=.M8-E,!XH'H
M7O0\EK[1TEWK_3*![46Z;DSNNESF-9R/6<#ZZ6<JZ2'!!61C84?ZQ-
5QWA

I#EG857(M-*=T98

F:24EH:H0J+9
7WB0AP$S
M8



M5ZJ_!BIG*N+7R3YV32+8?\156QQIP-H@N
A4N2*%PDYS%\4.&86*)_#AA&XL
M*.QO

1KX
M.9EC9I[]DP!O7$Q/R49QP0D;OH1F&(XTJQ:ZP[$;MGKFQ!NVT5?B=FOWGAFX



G$/

7_0I73@VN!6P&KQ
MM

-V@ TS(





/!0)]5&O=IT@L6\SU;U$+A8

M!+  ;)CTEF]Y?*WI3:/&'U9SM;[F0+.5$WSU^9RMR%$VM'1)VHZ:R6/*,U+
M\J(:V!P)RX#ZJ!VJ2).2^.6HT=/K)6E.XN[ *EJ1S*N12A$N)RO:FEH0XDO

'?Q:!DOB]_
M] Q:0UMD4Z$N904JI

P5&#P2KE2EBER_)U

4Y*_Y@\R-Y/-AZA9U;X%U
M+RP%4


MC!5-[W&\_XB3Q
204N-

M7*BRGM%M2ROP!'/56_D4YI@VFD% Y$)O%(G$*$^*7][(TF)7%0M\E0_B%DA
M0P[GD:)#:OIP]3WLT[?Y3U4,&9/@^=[NJU]JX+P]MJ5M=ST4K?[@[D3 HUG








F_Q[2RM
M5+53IM2F'5[/NC
M%X/O7HYI/ _X3:NU:WT6Q





M6;
6ED9C-?K K/)L$*=+4LIM9?%48U[U_-W-A]=B
!2GXOKF[=LW']Z^?O?A

MM+O &:A
I XCJ2^']Z[X2N4]

MO





M]L$/NJ+=93$'T1-M$-@ARSL0.?5K$Z&KVNH9I$T_]
1/9JWNE&4R8 9KVK)2

:7
5/H()6
BON[32E[1Q

MM9:%GVU*/\-3D8'

B #Y'UF!R
<![K
MX7N02J.81\-S8I-9Q8;JCYJ(^F?224$2/3J\DZYRJN5O'[ZO4&ZJ U-T.P

2@
%)7Y) $_B7$TK[






K:IN\6G+;DIM&(A$
39TFXYWV6[D*[KM5U?5SF
MR


MDM0&(D-0GVH
!EA9D0]S!(D[]@@HR^E4D\HS7@1B&=PGR $E3U//%SO2''2E

ML?[YC\O!U?G3%O








3:O1)A


+L:]T9/'
M3U/G*3C15)
QEU

32AM-^WUPWC:U+U? YVK2OZZ!
M_M=J8)B-KYYD@XO!M]3!L/]U.K@VE@Y]\
N+Z9UVU-EMXA(4M-VV) VIU%+]
=<E


M]1S^PHD-\D=JC'= KQ0SQ4



M.#Z8]

M^(K(.!/_

[!E6Z&1O'B

M(1U%KM9XVA.Y:D6NM4








ZH&(-U5J/TB3WYPF3





0H3(_I@\O5T2?H](-ATK\DM7

MW+GBVD_&5[F



M9KA_DQVX9*ZA@4+-

DC\NE$1=3@/P?&:0
M^\



4K6W B5VL
M0)L8MMMB'VGI9!&A2)6DZN3?]TC*BK8ZZ3;LBT3R[IY[GJ-T-STJ?6\J1 L/
MM9!F%E76-F_CV.05ULR

MH/O5G


MKH3Q3S@&W_%5!'EKK*J[8&)0
0-8%9)YW2.19+IEE\ZE6


M?%1


MM6(3 )_RIZ=;ZW*[RLEM1T

MM;^ 8'O/)9
YIS)W-F)8-T(].G%/
@?\LA





L4I3\E4B:L15GDH
3C^VTO8+D


;M
7T7\@/D4YK
)I$F:O((WWRN=![SY


(!?\!'+#A$ 8E':#O;
ZZ$'GI9%1U;F%!9&0AU))7^(<.F'%!=8
M/F?
]!FK \&?K/87':UE]1Y(.

M27*^9/!JR:9P_X0$IQABV-RP2S\\D7I0M0/.


V#5#U.RL8GVL]4$6!R? 8_]JS
\D4OH(?)D'J/
MXL-WA]#O?$?L6_CMR-@MW/HA4TY/WX[



R#



M
_$C;=I[;]S823]#)BB(0E=@+3B?]^SY B)=IU.OW0#W$D$5CL\^Q9\.W&


MF6LJY9Z0







M


@NL:Y05L@0K#
:JD7:$+^YP(SF$0IH-#Q!@B&2W2.L\?

M(N-ZAS8MP6PHMKX?YTP#O$.)=^([\FVP-A D2$8





MPH_=

MV






)Y0R&7I]P



H_8V4QBVZ=R!?FK


MUP3C1[J

=&1AGGI (.D)L8:*WT.;#L-&=BU:C99


U=/$+:?Z59OMK^T+X@W\/NEWNWR:#L*T(JW*58FLT/EL<.O?
MT/HOE5GS6]&EJ2I3\
=



M;6_:

B85JII

M2X
L]4F%#*-.YW-8

$



4%Z5$SJ#
MJ5962Y$RW^8/9VY0/MQ$#HB6)4)^8'








J4=I

O








DQ


M.D?+ZBJ=H/4T8.DNI-X;M:^OB

 N9-07Q
M&O?XXLG^VO6)PDV);.X9\JW85M2K07JFHDNU^OIQ!'RNO@(*P5FNKO@ N]


M
$6WQM-



M425VN$9ZJE:69W&'DLL2M9-&@\7M.)KVKZZ'WC\X_%Q[T[&XO9&//L)XM\




M6-QU^B;B#68]&/0O($W2Y V\02?6(. -SN =BWL#:MA!#0/4\ S460E_I-O_

MW@\MR:W
+WEA;S&%S.+

4?+OC=M20N_[+$X/ZMH16@F[W[YJ3_\

\._MZ/WHPL0G3:M$NPNM
MV5?%BC3]J[-VW7_:-+U_W)NGXT[8G3\/K<<FO0^7$9@FW;<3
A4H05N#'%#

$%     @ )X)94N[]_;_B @  
@8
(J+J(HY=6F I7



.)P8]5-F5 RBKQ%DF(M:T8W9?L,]
MGW./EQKEPB]L][[=-+:D2GWP5Q!*77S%;M]'_XE(-D')*'N)E&H\E*0&/:M





5Z)4_LYL_^0ZGK. EQKEXG_:
M5K+GL)B6SIN\5L8^E[KZ%8]U'EXH7'3?44AJA23Z71F*7GX17@SZUFS)!FF@
MA44


M'
8

&
M
&$![YRQT$

.I+VJMYMJNM-

MJ)&5R#[Q:L5Q$L=XI?9L95[YK74)^ZBY-#PDM=2ZT!JL8(0H;\Y7V+1.VO&
M=-:D8V$5 L],9%Q0SZ5'(=IT4]$'#4]P&$X*FQ(2*I*S)T(@2#
*U$;AGG+




/X@5
D518)Z(9XJSH/$-@I6YS$0X9'A'/=I-0@RT+%-(TY%
M*$;PO1+.#(QKXRN&9O!2D\R+
+4](171GF5?6@VJ



MG#39U#;@.
E60&






M?IO/9XL'F

M*F[J-\? 1:

QXV4J- 9+8(I^4I/JW[33




PY8:2M.^E8#Y+TD\#H!M
 Q5\4S^![@7\H

DGR4FS
MOWZD_#BG2XH-*!H_R(_DQT^4?+DV]JO+$3V\%DJ[JT'N?7D^'KLDQT*XD2E1
MTYO



E6(@2N-;@SGH0K)C_[I%

 4LQ$I?RS6?^*33T?&2\QRH7_L&YLHP$DE?.F

6
MWM);27[^^N'QY19.X @67^[OI\]_PN





0\0V%25)Q&
M&\

U0*OB:Y
I<@]['+D&


M?D9W=.4RB:3GA:1$
TDKW\-?5;JD;9L:A*]HDU!XO*%-2]
NSR]8':I*ZU*:
M94VN 99*VL/O


'88


HV%OIJC-






%6LA/B




7A/XIK*V

[%W:#JMU1]1]6_0G6CB6]U

AO,@B@/#U*B5D'S)T'G2.\()$*T)X'F&YBL4/9




M?/



M-L8GXA2GR;B]+17?Q:8 3&X9O@PWVIZA^8P


MT
*CDCLO$_M

MG@GLD%K$BD*KO:AA/( [SJM[L55*XHBS_E=W(IZ72_2T/8L#W02
/=*SHC

O!H.0%5RJ




M1UD5HBM;97A0:MO\J_LV#UL*+X=[%




MZ^
(;SOIT
'I&X^%X^!.\@RX_


U?9J.TJ+74#%P6N3V]XR=YSOK--RC
('MF#=SBK
M@B@G



ML96U%?Z



@H  !D







)D


U6H05K\D;;P+4ID-
MHNNSQ&F1M@43 87TE+W&ENK)X1#S180Z)(EV0.A-Q%
2(2&!-\W=ZZQT& V
MDB3#7
DL/K/O&*!^'W:/1H?=X_@P&*+M03SN#H9C2&M2C+!!08X@%R=0:6&Q
M1+LMKRUC=J+$
&L4^?5 BIF0%IZ$JI!MO1\0=%[2G%XC1;3&G#*H$'5*[U


M'Q7U0?!$ZK(*!9Y3'@G


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#,S+GAM;*U6;6_B.!#^*Z.<M+J5L@02^D(/D(VNTA;BDJ[J_MHD@FQ
MZM@YVRGMO]^Q$UANEU:GZKZ0V#/SS/-






(3^9VC:[(


P[O;#)!F\3QR-?/\I&C1/.VM/K-M9^_[ZK2O:

+U%O_$WF&KJ6MAGW^]W]

)'[1S(


T+GAM;)54VX[:


M!!Z&SK@[F/1-ODWX3K&29S88)7O.GXP3)4/'



HU*$5R1VI888DVNE\[ESKBGMW&'#4%
W-2




LF&FI$B6=;)0NF*50;T-3:F29!Q4BC*/H4U@P



M!M
5#))D=C]=C:=W


MT[Z .(JC



M971S+W-H965T


M37(A5ITXLX_2??N=G9 QK:VV-^3.OOOY?X?/HZ
V#[9 )'@J567'04%47X:A



J!6
:/EAET1[K$

J!@'GP+(

M29=M





MYXHL%.(188?HYNL$Y5C2+M=-O#
9QC?1&




QKWK2=_;!X



M?0D04XQ-H
DIT$GR+N(7Y!VXZ+4@Z2;==_ N&N$N M[%&WBGX-Z!ZC=0_0#5






I2;U*-4YUI[/5$+X#LO'R:2W^ 6S$2S'#]/Q:#SH35?0

MG@B[&]9R($*92$+RNR9BB_MCVE]1L57EIK[5=:PT^T!B%

M!)XNO*D^/%??#R\RWF/J0A1\@] /_0M\4=/-R/)%G_!5I7GG+L@+E'%#&5O*

WT&:0^&X4UZ%K]^;FZ@V9T2/-L
@D^%?F:184BAR2[X$/
MKTB$A


I


M6)8.B
J/(/SVTQ#LXR'')ZM+.U/H'MOV<
M.+Q,E<;_8=WXGL8!9+6Q2K3!5('@LEG92SN'K8S:$= W ;$ONXFD:_RDEF6


#^:X5XX1]BAJ5B&XX 8:5 _8Y

TO?1H
.M





M-#_JC:*9WU%27J'07 I0F

+TNI'4\'1_I7UWNE

6--
U*U)]GOJ'0%N GAS#+-DQX)LPPA'LI
M3*%A)5),_P?XI+D3'AZ%+\.+Q#M,!C :]B ,PN ;]058N1XHS.\-C7_F+^^
M@(PZ9.20T1GDI5I^5


MN#1I4%I;S\+0Y4*9@:J1DDW.Z4%LV3J?6AJC:SP(,'#.(JFH65#++$GZUU


7;^WN%;A8TYVX-3LE7JR1F?BC2(7$+(

M&C\[SJ /Z8#G^Q/[!Z^=M&R9P:7BWZOEFEP$T!.W;@]D$U'['3



MM
99'$D\X)':@=;7CVS+T;Q)0DM9.*XP[R(NVHCQA8C#&.Z4M*6!E2RP^)L@


M43-;R?T_3_L*IB^7
3QK




M
BYX;6R55&UOVC 0_BNG2)

J&5?)=!QT]V8ZUELGN
)[ W8K)3._YBAT.TGZ

M@M B
@TW8+9!;GYH]YW#YWS&RXLL19D6O6N[I,P,2)CH+3
M39BBM78TD^%:TQ)$XPWHO=+:[05/T*W5Z6]02P,$%     @ )X)94NK5<$=8
M @  -04  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-#

P$/XK


MQ
('!$Z_![Q$*0



SR!+L_0$

M(

%X3)P:K@H@1@!5Z;5WA&_0K8A0.@(H8A8


=4X
M#'6^14[TA:Q06
]&*DZ











M%R N4@2Q@*'@:Y0ZF9-Z@W

9'7:]31E8;\J(HX*.&[T0
0K@77*\4
MC'B

Z@=E;
C
M=R1B=(TOUJY





MAO_*4;:5=B5*[H16@$3;=+8KM47 S&@^NLD!HB8Q:SNE_/L]=BY3NK2:RP=(
M?'D?O^?X$H]V7#S)#:*ER(OY=C:*+6]L&V9;+!@LL^W6%++BHN*2J*M2VW

MJ=J

M$7B-P#.^ZX&

O*K*@*F+&]02\W

(<9=7UX2@=P:]/BAL<(GYD849O0@EKQ+!+1I.-
M7GC




M2P
$%     @ )X)94I


O92'TU-L;4UT%@4[W





?NJ-/




29OFMTO;&?C @T




K;Y3^)*+@^[-P4:RE/*;%:Y7$X]8AT0A
F



M]X*=9+P4F0\A'0 CC)S@[O]QU?] 
^1F@*\[+*EWL--[+:?'@0JH3K*A.5

WAOZT\:M)?!F=[Q3$P\K'8MU)/PIC#O69SO;%WA

M3L2!0=BMCOQA6&

B#E&/./'CM
4HBUL]YT 
K#.6^G1T
O@:=C$.2=CF$K6L1Y@3<1A!2 81'0VB)$'%:/@&=#(.*; N^4?T

MR
;7[ -K;H@^UA;M*)F%T(_35\C3L!F:43! &L2=]&T@/J&^F]2@EZ?_A2

'+G
M^H6E--A]N.D6VSVAK )^7TMI6L$:Z!K(Z;]02P



M




?Y25W<J8N/JGLR'4GYN5D335AMEUH3H'G'_OT-ES)
MC@R
PS#!0;!?1=*I2(ZJ&.9Y7=6
&PO=V]R:W-H965T






7!N'

M'


MO
I:I=X)I6'&AZ]BAX'GYNJB
M$)A!3IENV4;2$UCWFIPWQIF<V8[R-=FOUQ5?Z-\/V;ZQO_NHMK1+M'-Z]


2YX;6R-5-MN
MHS 0_941VH=6:@N!)+V((4D[2(U%Y5F5_OHP2@@IVUG9#^_=J&L-FJJ?8%
M/.
YQV=F//8KQM]$ABCA4!94#*Q
RNV#;8LDPY*(&[9%JG;6C)=$*I-O;+'E

L6#6P.M;1\9)O
JD=
M=N!OR09CE







MN6?XO+-\IDA?






6@GKXQM=# *.H:E!6&(
MOM0
1#UVZ&$8:B(EXU?.:11;:N#I^
@^3+TK+Z]$H

MA*



]V=MZIZXJ
MXTR86PAS*X7-J=C DB



7D
] ;%
3:2(VFE&.
PEJ

MS&(;[P)^4-RI@SU8)0LAGJV1ER
OL DAPT);!F*6+6;(F4R:?QN.+WV2@L\
MW+^QWSKM1LN*


FZ)IJDB10[D#;:L-F-

1G



!KT.[W!H U\

&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4T+GAM;(U4VX[:,!#]E5'4AUVI)2%AMRV2!#8;:3E
]TY<O
H







M4I!T.7(NVN?C@8FW ;\8W:BM
9A


M&$^EIU

S?I'@
/P\%_D<%G5+0L8D69#:M=$D
M&$JQ 6FBT<T,;&VL&K-AJ7F+=UKB+D.=#F:WBRETX03^6TXG2_^P
5L M.?



8&:8=K/

M^


*YS$@C=(F&C-9A:V-Q:MJR'


DZ!_ 9


MWV_:
!#'_Y53M(=6ZIH?0+95(1(0IE:B:T1ATQ[=Y!6'9O9#G3__6P',J8


MKA1

'5A^L+V%[7@9[#]L]@




DE






M4J0 F4*Y% RM!.'J?_?60AX=Q([4*3(#YOLA/EW&QA=/SD 6KK$52L61Z_;U

G_-V\%;$UE0KE %N7'U!Q


M!M9&RN+:ML5R QD6EZR 7#U9
9YAJ4*^MD7! :=&E%';











+S %



\F5^4@)T@8% 8QT#L8P49

-



  

M:&5E=#8R+GAM;+56;4_;
!#^S'Z%%4TI*YQDK84U%8B31%H RHF_;13:Y-

C/3)
'





M#10LN:!IZ2P9I'%6O
ESF8A]'.S2P=[7P2D='!UHP4R'Y1%!1@-&5X@I:XFF




D5\89$G%2)


([_6 %NCL



M_:)P7CGS@ 69LN0+C60\MH861&2%-XF\9=M+4CKD:;R0):)XPM;L]5T+PHV0


MOT-35HQGAL
O./2!\C3I*?5*_
A^:A#G5^+\/XGVDE
E=$FXD:04[2NF294!



M[6:1]&[1CXK-)$9M*R?)FRQP/_XD2]8P%CFDN#;J#XGM2.20


Q77Y:+ZNE\DDS(0CYDVU5UF[_\(KL114U[\WQ5

MS6]7U[=W/YKZY\_7GZ\_G3YYSMR5]O8KN2)'\@7[*BR#9526H5EU6V62PW

KNOK[O_1IZ+Y5R2^M)'2?YY):MLN2K_5?=R_2KGVT81Y#)?

TX^3W?5$\EN=XLY.)M [-Z$OJ9X/N9
M^




M3X_G6L2;] V

MQX$[TN6U0;/A'PP.B.4X8KU=?A@_!QCT.656[!ZI?'N]R[O'!?Y 






(\!9.\$8/YP2P






MT1L ?$QV-E.*&YFEU' T +@F;P_7JP)V2VGBB?V?:\.S:(=DL58Y_@0S$
M*#6(S%*$Z T ?=6A84N3*66'S%)W.!H ?)@*$F(EV4K5(K.4+9[:_S7)(
'4



  +8


#T28Q


MJ
N2\'_N:

M!G6Z/;7C[G@3_:-)7B7S0@0=L^(YS^1RZ





@BZ#(+S
M


X8=8W@)X[L$#BW:(=Q+P&ID


M&)JT1
'
4-4H:2976C!+75V$IM;(

M:3 ;(9A^6&*EMO



M.81X\


TG%+.GZE(.KGO#B(IJUBT]<-HGZ<.ZUK.F[*
MZ(87DHXWUTI R0W4RO F4S\?(Q1]G1#I




M
KV0AQ'A8'0(+
M\%%+0M4F#4IFRC$ %_!E'DT$414WNL26GE%@S;3F:IZP-


MYQXG5. X%#6_Y[IB:R%CO!E!R$W?$LC',PO,7)T=S*%#^???Q52WW[ ;EQ
M\FDR\9_/;_?QLR9PCKTW2:\.(+WP_7%B&QPCGQ]&_C?N

MK]W?.



65*7BKL<
MP    !,   +    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.=DKENPS 
0'_%T)XP!] AB#-E\18$


MKSI




$%     @




MQSTOVU



MF@BDJ1$RDA#=AZ^V)#CP.@60%@)I#0'92


M8T?B L9KA/%: Z



M[I/KBW8INK8#

MZ?S5&\


MM(68Z-J.#@N]EQL\$4-
S$+6D$FXWH!D81:RADS]3$QUE:DG J3#B1LS +


AX54




M#@*] _4. KT#]0XO0/U#@*] _4. KUC\K&20.] O8- [T]@T#O0+V#0.]
MO8- [XQZ9P*]

65*E
M?PYQ[@$  ) F   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W:RT[#
! %T%^I



.T^^0'YX]E]@7FG;?!^9@G







65(L72NQD@4  07   8               @0T(  !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


/%Z800  '4.   8               @3@6  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H
M965T-YX;6Q02P$% ,4      G@EE2
P=AGGL'  #W)@  &


M='

&   8





4      G@EE2S7L!9_T  !0!@  &0

M65(C F

M+W-H965T
3

0(#@  3RH  !D







  - '   9

M='

YX;6Q02P$% 


RYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      G@EE2_\IZ



M965T


4




P




4      G@EE2-[96U88#  !.   &0

S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0




4      G@EE2JLX \E$  #\!   &0              @(''X@


M^@

M









M970T-YX;6Q02P$% 



AX=-/ P  = @  !D

M% 
4      G@EE2V%NV0\ #  !,@  &0              @('




MJ
[L[6

M:&5E='










4      G@EE2H8EX
M: (#  !$0  &0              @($3


   9


4      G@EE2&[X-[&H#   %@  &0


M='EL97





FEV;RTR,#(P,3(S,2YX
M;6SLO?MSV\BQ,/KS.7\%;L4;VU4D38!O.]FO9#VRRK$M?9*</7MNW3H%$D,1
M61!@\)L_/6WNV<&&) @15)\ -I)97<I$ICIZ==T]_1T_^7__)AZQ@
+(S?P
M__K6;#3?&LP?!8[KW__UK1L%]7Z_



M*









MHO9H!/0#90C6
CT^KW_3]_-#WTYMS_N
-CB*Q(K]J^#Q_$CG8'#= V[^%@:/
M\00M=MLO %;9;5:\-P?D!/AD_1'5Q_

MS0U[;C7_K_762'R7__W]]@RDN-?J]

M
=IRZ2MFOG2 HO(ZBAS\]=!YC]5KL+)E..+U=

F/N




LBE^FX 8=J]OL9A



M7O8!!X7NM\!%:]#MM;H=U5Y9

L&X/PUQH]25X**1%VVPU6YUNKW
8
M/&P-P_-X(!G:-*2 %.@53DO#;3U50:0+%UE
Z86I3AR'CL%M[]IVG4O_U)ZY

0OD\!S6!B=


M*



M%[]M2L]^JV.U.D5!#G@]K,5V6=7M[.7&\V3/J;LB]!M.GJZLN7EXWYDBD+

N ]W7(IFXRW7#-K5Z[VU3/N9X;?UM@
M%G7^(C::&\*!YP$R?BQ8XH:1



B



MU]TA






'
 J36%B<9;$^.S9<

'UB_BR_U 5X9UK^+Y:B_\&6%_-BW#




M@.QHXK$HDC]FEN!N)05+1+1:\ESUF4F?!VYWDH& /0?5FAC;H234]PC6CAC_
T&UKM4ET


M:[VBBRY(R7R^I/I.5L9/8:\]V]^N!*:LB[-ZT!=.NR)18_UY
_.)GCWQG8*T
MCJOPU+/=Z1;%)'A9EJTFVP^4R\_A7PSDB?//)(K1T
QLT;_AORG#?\L*2[(T


M)KIZUN4XF6O$?!?:SJ;D'V *S4K$%TVR8[ *=L5^SQP
M@$KC\^YEK5+HEDO



M D;*2R^MN_KL!+N#YOF$^HV 6;(SI([PUI9%J]MM=\SG#8NF?8 7U'TM;]0
M+V +^/5$]_!_V!$^P'D&:67KC#
6WGG/T2P&SY


_^N?_Y4$\2<\<W#'3_P/


7\ZO+XWKB1U.[1%+P(X$\O/!:HMS

MYN
Y!
T8
3K_-7SD.MLSAFY@TU3P#EC&CBL

 !&YHS
)@!AB+[? )
M*'5O


@@#]L/QG#
M]#!*&#6
PB&$$R!!TR#))8!3J;
3+D


/-;-B9,:L/.HTXU@A_ +
^3%84
:CZWDX[#VU;(^E=@\R


&APQ@!H0F


UT.&
3 UFPZ
M(Z9#X]1Q0O0-4



M
M

;^LNWEW_[=GEQ

&P9%[7O.X& 3NW?P7R1
M:.<<!H;/E!=+% X@]\X:P$20:!
4Y$C5X*_JCH&/$@;C;P@PI Q/
A-_WL*


MW^3Z:$O#2 FZ(W@7#&CA^@^!]\!)!

N

B';3

M$$GKH@_*D605U
PR4<KNI.CR
BP$_ :?6;9(K
]T)WBR2[/$(?G


M$RH/!YUH1

MO3%A#[6 H6JF$L_?.?_GFVX&.1@/]!MXK# TE\N /'@(K3^;7B;N!&I)SR


M+5N?Q'5$-\'(NIQS2EL6L:$;_0J
3R
1 &&YO/Q8X!
H.I.X)IQZ0T06[2
M/#8_2'GIA4*$P_0FV9X(6'*IC$=-MK'[N8G
!0QMZY(%_ZH*B'88+'\U;3




M !_ 5D(_21F_APV2L Y(FZ



QW)8?&[D4[O;DC.5?X

Z
WQ/

J&

M0FFJ


MI0!\:.'+HA


MOV0E@+JI&V7&/+.!T5
 Z6A'0AB)




M4Q7SOEY2$*(OTWL2*1Q3=$?B/$XCKA0: 5RGFJ
I\K:J5[%^ LR[536+


M




MSON57
(GD;6@# 5C+
U4S)]I2.82=]WQ111X.I3E64M9W7-R(BC=C_\V9/$C



8)!9*9VSEB(W]WV.
M?PH2TC)#D#:D60AJ/G0QN#<G473,FF=IXF$CX^%;5X;-,L\G:L)R%(0/O%C

MC

:[VX9
[X%
3/
XFH\JH'Q






:Q\8Q_Y0^X [9$\
@S@.I@7SS=]^_K
M.

)03P


M)028JZ(K H_%P2]:.V8Y80I B/D*HT@M6N9EA\BQ6OAH$944




[#.3(2%$IX/ZT9K\H-+00A/43


M=$J6RSOA[$^2EE5*44O6YDYW9 UU 30]AYP\2T)\(Y:9 6H=VT(]( X?L+BX







E)$UQI;!$)CGE#0RI$9Z]L4?:L(538
M4F?SYCFY9A_TY-/^.ZSH?B.ZWTA!OQ&E;?@*KE2Y]WO$KL9IY]\:ON-Z+[

8CNV\\HM@
Z\BW



R%4
P-;&QS*\M;-3'0S$]W
MI-S-3#+M4: 94'&


 ?S4)C 







&$G&./#-3=U\6S??

MM$L0*HJ193E8 L@RBWI#V]Z*DIXM9$W4J'0HZT*WKM^R=;UR
+R:=$NH

M7^0:3




2JZ7*
M#[XLD4P;3\C&2RIA4U%R7F-)EFP5N9^1J*:TNDHV9F4N@-/(X7:A\9 H_C+?

MF[7,ME];)O.9=MU(]LI
MM^^\#EFN8A=V&L/@<H M8WE:-R'2H'_W?9)*D0$L&&0*4$!:2P=+2J^<U7!

M]OZMGF]7=^=&N[ T/7-U?7YS=UOQLFW,^/\_WZ_O/YZ_NVNA;0DAZIJPO6




M[='$]5GXI&)HFX7W\Y

M*+?ZOYR?W)[?+CMHVAX(8_?E(ZY\I81
3Y:]5:N_T#$;K^L:&+9AI0OM#Q1O

MCE@-R[^R29!$\-&SA^36WZ2'7&=&-+-YF8Z+N&%\?6)AS;CP@M!U;%X$91X*


MLM8]


2^;D19VPK% F!RDKY.OL9*K1K2S(AO[4$AY7$2Z(
@.XR=RLSH!=HJC
MC\:R+:HT24*EB+&_-*7
6#
?J!(Q.%7DTT]S0FO0V/5@7







M*/V&U5%?FY?GY4KJC[D_[ 940&ZO







)_  &


X ]KZ]S3;4WKD.]^&Q!S0 R
P3B [U^
M#80')G  UFZ;'AX^&6X4)3ALN]9M#VK6P#2BB1WRKB@ W11T6A0CE]FQ\:;9
M,)L&,Q_IK'&3=MMP^X[[_IT_Y@*Z<P+_\P B2.(KA1T3T/9L?P2+=Q+$
M;8[<VE&N;ZB

)O4A








&

M5:7]&[

MW:9:ME.L99-AQ/Z5X-3G#TCL]PNVY_
VTTOLO'E3SD)G_1E++K4\P50NJ'R]


Z'\TWKGO4;N@
M19=ICP3A$?H*)^< *M:+4'I&,L._A'E88%S6C@9_A-@Q.]'H-!L5(B!SV


(H
MZJ@XA()FXUVJE=58BMFOM7O-6K?-53%:M\RI\8!&[KEVK=5OUJQ!?UY=FVTT





M[JKOJ


MY1^!(0$/1!\B..HETC\XJF-\#NR0]I0S&3^:
H9G/E3CR _\^D- 6=P!F/ A

M


I+TYN


M
#RH95%FL!KOLCG?DWX#@)V$RZ/8148 ^1


L
MZ$Y_%XN

DY!H



M:/_WQ&?201RHYCK*

M)8QSX'PZPE

M0;82-YIP3R5#:'G9Z5(Y!5M@)@I+.'
.6W;DJ


(C)OC%N@&+YA_
I$
_2D<. S*2WBS <CLR<CGD$T:+74 [_W\L1_?L?L+L1;
MN,@J1P64?2(.] 3P$7M@OO&N]QX@)JLM0=/8YD[SOS&'F7




MYKC17I
6O;3:87






;]WT3_




B\WU)=B
Q1TP!!*

M\9U3WB'N[,C%F6)K]&!NMX/ALETD_7)[^=?/YR3MOGB\MKUN-@]K&9'3T)
MJZ?,VEV4N)UK9DD#D]@24 2+X.0=GQ1H#P\3ZTI]0#X34N7I0_[\E*GVH=
MS[3X[1O3





'&$:F
_$]E$0Y:@5ZJY
MUN@PU3'(
A

6NB/;^&S[O\^/CM\I




@:GM)]45UD0I



0?4





M.?RD' 7D]HE^$BLX.)\S11C/'UW.7J3+.=$6I+!AG'AB3U)QG'5'H'X1#K62

CFFG])H:4)Q&1$E1^P@H@WG*2.K'EO+K1'*LL;#[!D,@TIXER
M4\'/C]@15NATU$E:[:RKG;.;5SH5



CB8Z//X3=C8$4S/S
MB]T0W-6)[8VS5L[9.]SP!7

]ILJ
P.-1C


XM$3

MH['8K11[7'N\#3

.=]9Y[020$#N9DN

)]@6

MJQIA'I?\2B+.3.;0C/CQ(2_^4)^DFNPC44ALH,N/$-UZ*26CG?:GC
B'$6
M\L3I
(.J^DXP'G^+3-JV!
3J)RU,HQ/GD/Q/GGF:V[_',+L<P2XNHKI-;JN:CWB &$W8#C'[OD_B<
M,5!W8,^)7_:;B&HVS-1S\XOSF]NSL^


KG



 9L^+7#H!C95
MO@+$WJ/;PH^_0V
:@

BV1

W;B1VR5:BW
MO2@ JP*TD'3:TM)@

.C'8:$:=QNDA#LL(@MH+Q?:W8X/T0X&Y$%-L4IFO
Q

)H1AN[=7LYY/;4Z/=:];-
M9MWJ*1&75ZH&F]MC^/P(D&6



MPFW(TRI(5MVA+B:!@[SC22NI%/CW]A-L]T1C[@1^
A\&S*!G/G2TB9[59C
MT/X)\6AVVHU6_Z=/E#@+YIA






9/[Y';IZ[,G%<SA=-=$G
04=N PV$



RG



$4O/3V1-)


M;<FC+P(E=GB2S')D9):^%N08+U5V(V=9^=8].@I6EP?%74
M,7[#K*/J$.'UZ#
WJH.WBO#_!ML HU.L_E3=4A0H9:U%2KP7QYW9X
FFU5B


G]6[M7Y913[5YI]ZK






MK%VLBB/X%;M81[_N6\E=7+M8)953O=EH%ZNT2-8N5LE80[M8VL6J/HZUBZ5=
MK
HC^!6[6$??8BJYBV_J8EG:Q3J$G.I:##I3L
Q(UCY6R5A#^UA[UQ:ZX
7^



72K;$.(Z;:^M]_7+JF


4W /J
C1J&

8B


O38;C7UFT.N

M_0?:NP?]#N;


H/[;3'V_C


RS8^88
SN
71;!@RGT?_F01/5[VYY]O&$/S$_8#1L%][X;



MLY#5S;XQ#:*&)EIEB!9$L;$^U4IXGKY)XG25%NFP/Z.UG0RUW/
%OER*NN
M5OQ^-RO1O2^.3P/=&J

MG4M=&IA7(;C:OM_1MYS2^GZOTKFK)+8WV

M:PB6&

MY%1O-MJ/+2V2M8M5
M;0+M;^

MQ6H?FPJ5W
6UBU5&


















M




M#65BCM4#C+G)AWN?I&\CO^E_


M& ZPU'7-(KFWN9]10W:QW1IV^&+HM*SM_$:LTNC1R^ R=E;5O^9Z6+0*VO7


CH


O

N'M_D4J)0U=%F)N4O

3! :9!X_<_//B:C;_V/Z#


*B8_N15P^SY9VD]LQK7BHN#AF]H)5

X/;.P^BL-90Z_3_R5AUF5-T=
\HI@









MB AP



CKP:)'3C3E

;T6?E1?+(J0E.







%[0GV#PV(F*
M!
/+FHV
LR.(AMSO\.C87D1BTKVWFA_$.)UYZ
)0P'%\W?D^=T-2)S$!^*^O

X*V1B[?(^MH_
M;7@B7&BF4 CX^@MK0!YD7FH_XR=NZ1


0_TW9$D&AB
MC^( 6
X.5;




MG2Z8;: R CZ4P92.QM +2!ES!@'7.9EQIO!D4=P938T3A

P
M_P*'RI12IIW


/@ZPZ

6^BTF
-BC
G91K_Z=+T+^S#BP%:I+&S.R%@*

M/GF ]:[UZ^2/





MF=8X4A5[%7N7[4F[T]4MHZNL2=W6Y
Q,H6#-\:D]%6N:<5*RD*^[HF48NMGOZX:A:H&.(@U@W1T$:B*SJ.O@<T*


M+-.XV]P:?-::W8G0L_9Q)T+-!V2[_

S3E_87<^M5H:N%I$R;56GP(TH!N $KZR8G*)YH0.
M[6M'/5N_S^ADRT3HP1L@Q<%\6]ULZI1DI%F)H1$T*S$T@F8EAD;0K,30)J;




M-$OY(UO(1L%XO6'/0.]V52:V=IH[JJ15887D'%98T0!-5A[)L66C\H/U;B8
MR*C^0/LV?25(BNHD)K#BJ.K\C*'SFV;%3=? 7-;P]U)7%'G?1KA!S:K:%*
MLBBX.74U5W#3##FL70S*+_J!5$Y&FM^JNXY_+$ET6JJT4='\0ZBZE*!S6I=+
M;U;DFUTN_=/K)+IXL.WYF]LX&/TQ#3P@
[K\




*X^UXT;50(
MRT%:!NU*\03E#RM$/$T=!P)-6+]QLUPBP7R8I&3%SOS4?!C4\.S'8-







GWN+MZIFW8G'SLB=V5[TMU=77SZ]6ND_+P:]


BT5W4Z
M*C#5+H;# 5-[3U.Q#@E




'(*LMJEKEL&;6I[FO=*G

;?=Q86=#8I?D??!;
MJ]45SEL

M?;F*HH3[$U)P7

M
$^9EEII/C





M2=&L:%8T*YH;2[
4=J90L.;X8RQ5FSNA&ZCX:C
GIJYFY)9AZ&:_KQN&J@4Z



%; L?!?%O=;.J4
M9*19B:$1-LQ-()F)89&T*S$T B:FR*&$_*QY&JV96'6AE7LXG]O23L'RD9

'%90H:#B


**!FBR\DB.

K&UT]Q1
M):T**R3GL
**!FBR\DB.+1N5'ZQW
P% 1A7.'V#/IJ\464&%U!Q64'%\15;^
MR+%EH^KF*VA^^[P;9+8([M5)OT;(H=T:JB2+@IM35W
%-\V0P]K%H/RB'TCE






?K.
5^]63X/]GD2Q




.-.#S'T[,*;V/
M<?Z^@P\!)@+YFX



8;9@




M$3.'__K:* E#_*83AD/,AZWTK]K4U/$$ 1IHG@?_X0(

MS=!+ 668?^9P+1-)GX=QWK1Z5 OI+PN_(SOW]+[.6V@QQ^G+ABZ%WV]Z^
<$C$@+ AAH2C&#F;[0S]YR$



B[&7
R#5::1&GPEUMG'C

M[F?XB@\+ZQ9%S*C(Z2MA9W+_.WD=@5@0


\QK\Y%PZ5=


!:A





M7DF &A@SV1@=H8



*


M!YX5($9

%!R8^=00H_O





07YVREA+@H8




^'^;U*0*&L,#I[P'$C94?
M*9ES_-Y&ZM3C#VS!2!P\KTT5!F;T?N=X9LQX$YYC:K8A<T^4;E+)4UTR#
MQ8QE;$L$S KW6KCFA!.MTG=*I6M[45!


G;2CN=O6
M6?U-$&*E =#\?OS-C7GJ\[]=S&LEOMV'9J_O.N$JN^D.V+_3,T#\N6! 6@
0KO6X.. ]78Q1<$$0#%WX/L.JRC)5YG !#$^=






Q_+2MF_ RZA7R5H03P&DL %UI'S]4


MGOM4IY?GL8C^VO(N0?;]2.6O&)CHZ!YKRD?7H%T=;SF/-#^6]
W$ 0D:]G

M

LMD?+^* *S.O]4
E
M=;'PD+; [%'VA[







M
3K?EA9\@B7!XUTWCBA)%_(:'
8Q?@B



?2Q31H!

OACQUZRTV_
M$



MB.QR59_BG0#AQJ[03[T@0BQQ*4B/PG#&='YD(
?MO)93C? :U\2N (S=_5)1


M*/2P

MC12=/Q/T%2Z_B?.AN2(OLJX/O&73S!X[956



K)2BM)B1TC'C'3#KZ(3'%6/TM^RNC3^-QG6J:P]
M_C*IKW1CI7%R#B$O\
VYA 68+BT_*0/N3$?23% 9]Z*LINUY.I-YMUOXJ'G7




%*NZ@!Q;DD'LD9[.$
[BIRX1*;F4.\-6'8P

6B:


MUM7_.M0




I $OXB:NE9E1+*K!<=%?238(V(-DX5+C%-JES%?JFWN\/=:/7S2H9[*62
MO,R'8D5YO' A5W6'Q\P[[=9@^!(W(\$E$^5VY*:),L9BU1WZ;JUV[^7R) H[
MYNCWAF,F8FI9331W3*/5[;:%C\=:3OT)G.'],:F#+8[YPNR#6]?KB#UNNJ&
MFK[Q+$ 9IUUGK=UJ\



2L:;][_C
VNP=EQ-EJ:S4;.QI:Y_/- :.W9
G2H_X@U0

M6&S[QIT#YG2!4F5]BT4!&NO5BKDUYB'9$B#\754HLFLKPHK%Q;H2HB@W7;Q;





C


X]

MGCN





M6K#LU]2=D6BW#R^(B/+L7792AN7O=DYY81*D9S8RX2727&S#'=
W#
W7I;KR



M

Y/_Y
MRU]^HL35 G_\RT]IGP:P)J,I4/W5]




MF57=C=T9QDV!_[=7J0'!TSGXSB550B.I ?;EC=Y_=Z-7[_*=.3CQ[%L_O2X=
MXAWPD=/0!




MXN*SZ^.YYP9P-@KC-T03XR#^DQ





123D=T%J$G(IY$.%)-10BX5\FGD^L1DE)!+A7P:



M 'II=F\M
C R
#$R

M
]PEP +=

$&2]C$Z2@[IQ_28$OZON-S))US


MO7L4R)HM.E]$(69.-PCH/0H%
G\KOKB';\6]Q2
CL[O0^;'UDW-\=/2A=GQT





E_X^

M)[YZJXM\




:WH9S



%^C1F


_8.82CL0@


RJ=2OZ='/3''UQ!M?.N/M+ORL,J-F?.,U6:_I/^GV
M?W&&@YXTJO&%$Z


G!&G5YS





M3'#L*)$1HR2.CV6X.;CC-I_MZ!$:&2T$ \&/^Q$R!7S
SK F/9/1#S*HP5

M;P3Y


/KIJ'6*_Z


%LGK1/HNQ.!Y

O_Y?X1T07#QU1J


&/86X:
ZLT+ERP4N^:


C-;O$6#Q6@2

9E@

MO

M$_C-GRH Z]G'49#.%@WBW03J7N=!.E\[DMIEFS&X!IJWP#2NP1I'?HL3D#B&

^!Y.6/W[4I$K-(L_.0T9!=]5O





'[ATX 9ICOD N-K205#ZHE\3W0E8/




M

M(^7C7
K'-E
^R:5\8C/E=[F4W]E
^327\JG-E
]R*9_93/E]+N7W-E/^D$OY
M@\V4SW
IG]M


M=3N]CA3!]UKJ



Y2H3X(;SRJ?NUTH%B[-YA+_+Q

Q
M=B-&9=IT;DPE[$O69TGCMH)

MJ1LVV

MPQ
:LB)JW@S^I=LH[Z3B2WI%$?
&TU7PO%J:+53VE8AY3=D8LWLQ
AKDRQ1Z

MU(WBCW0)\RQ

MN(H@EZ3B*P_9?
[.8B]IA=L/-IL5T=]_2=;;CS3+6G__9=WV[:=9
/6@5T?A






M%$MC)[G




MG


-7XKOYDN'I+'+^T?O).3XZ.G./CXX[SK]'HT\?


M!B%R
3;S/HC$_VDAG
MVSYMK[[

&D\L#V9&;-BT9^=&P







MUDUKBY(;.5JCB[5J#O!ME^?#N@2PU9?-S;KFAHAH@ 'ENG&EDJR9E@+C\PRE


OEFT% 6J[\VF]\;K[&D4:3:#,+E!CN#:4?3CPXE\
KM5):G)_8Y@8)Q\I+,Y0-<*-)DOG *L3UQO.8WD2PG2

H]7MJA3%

0#:RE&)6B.Y

 9JE_9&M\;5U*
)[AGSS
M*%










MDHW93^/)WGA_LOU(W#7

KM1T9
ME1PI'9.CHZ.=^&DN
2W










!%;M+D.<
Q\&&)T'X7

K\




#A_A-A!!







M7I3%5LX%S7R#P05Q8+F?B+SITJG@C:/N!H
%$C'EGL+Q7[6^@NZKSOD7P&0@

2O5%!!!^TC

M/KI[/

ME[X3+.%50(APESZ&+C6(_=GJX(/B2LQM%GVQRMD)GD57?MPID4'!?=K@E0?
M5;OP@B\]73!1J
&DZPWJ4+W\]A]$V+FI-/6$,+)&20.1K'TT]D)NP6.^L2=
M;_^1*7N3M_^TPZ.8V[T30!5\9IV

%:D=@]PS.(*:^X@U\@'X$.9$&1:Z!;&WZG(7V%4K




M5RU7'Y5-6/0$;:XQHB
0998%/Y^#HI00+5$=

-K^@_V






0B@)]N
M0<(B9?GX$7&_]L=-W]N-0PN:$SO1/1S37ZE[0HL5W#M48+WPB3^^M?SO*(L^
MRJU)N+4!'\2_C-W*JOX
?BR@N*









%U@6O4DJ-YY*

&TLWU(
MF?;W@,2'.90TK_*.E/'^.92TVHK_C





M.



$INP(3.6:7[[A5;=5260P/R#29*UI

KC ]BB;@YK=**;[]QX]X:
M='S;679B2JQ4



M53-EKQ13=B@[, R@Z:*3M03!E_B;GXW&3*! O(KQ53QE\[+CXWF3+!RO ;
MU1
X_BRCE
!
TLI6U+-VJ)HU_D2CE
!HU@13C2/5K/'G&J4$1K
FF&U
=E73

MXJYPMKMK W%K.SC





!-&\&ZEVF=7&TYV]!B!\F-H+(C


NX7C6L
ME^I9+ZV))


MWXP%SU-VD;7G-;;P=1H[*

M
U3)8\CJQ4L5


$%     @
M)X)94F'1&2#Q/P  2U4# !4   !Z:79O+3(P
C Q
C




/(#?P_?C;X\JO/


%-B'!]S43U7/^7;_E_;IV(

Z21?/ 4:Q[)Z:[LFCBU[;BY3YJ2\0E#=U@-_'KR7KV=;M
MKV
GM$: _/NV!-^P9O6$CGW96O!K'CU1/V]&5;PL[M)X/B=T+09/GA_YZQ
MGPKRTD\Q]7=TETG
B53
@(*'F&$9W8QPL
V3_

M14YF3J


-
J5CA\HV5.VFWM@
MFS7R&+ US@F?R9/C'2@)[D@-ZUR1W2'DVT%.V_5W[I8/%!*[CX(5FSF_K##@
M
-R2(-S1


V.OGOR6XZQ*K2OB1'R\




M(D&WOIR6L#UN=YS'X



!?/X6
M\\Z);H7

M(_LQMXR
@T?'/9_P+3ZL.W3L98.
)
0F;B&E!


K[




MFZ!?H]7&TK)7$&-L ^Z23\
]X;;P4^[9&Z3@-I#=


AQ9=4IC

9-#@B!E4PAZ=/PAR$F($DZ5
+(=PHE.ZSQ&C


9EM\KLM)43 MPT#

M#H&HE!

;V-3



$W.G!WSGA


KH$4Y0)!/U#CR'*4F/+^X_


MWXOU+Q&XOS;/#[NX2U[%HQR+W'O0\YIGM9/%)UH2@%PNU)

MUP/YNPK ^+ADA


Y2\88^+J?/R9PN$82[\JBL
M5[V

-;N[VX, 'V.)N19^H?Z:J&IY6RA
*B4 Y3U8
MK#=K



\'.0?=_!YQS


%@\'T@L%<-LAXS5$E*=F.0

M.:O$=
8IHG&40



M


:VF








MC
RFPW?3V70SG21Y

-6K+G*(I^
E
MQIBIG4I%[VSPV5CP\BS@ ; /;+
JC3:4-H&$*JOX00:)H$D$47U08=MQR2J%
M\^'(E19N/&Y]F=5^ED0=J]MAQ*M+.:/$JJ=!ZA/N9-Z=B&.M[K(8=;79&ZXK

MJ@K];;J9GLYA&S8#1

2C;5
M)(E3P FF#RB$


M2YT3/7@TBDZ.Y1F
EPD.W$E,TPJJ_*^*L (+H<:N1#/*.04BEO:QJJM+L+3HFI2\#(@(]

M1I?']/
3@'2G:?@I;*-I)Q]LEBF$OJ3




LU8U2?@
M7&







C]K,9/NN@_C^D^
MB%QI_;:*QJ 4\UH9()CX//_!:_AE.X8V1XR98&5+!Y%![@7N4;;?AUY]48M
M)'\W0V=[\ZL(+4KNC?@J4!UDJ&@



MR#1PI-@1B%5K6EYRE.9M/:^4)H\46MXHE-E_PZ-N2$81
2RHCI#5A0I
);U@

Z9

PAV[WL

M;
O\$ )L.='NE?Q1*5P.K558&--C







S2PO




2(Y;QX!L



F!K%PR L&+I#C +L$
B]H7TEPZP8&U23#*JV(9KU]/

PN8S7A$W2UB^N

M
@5V[A)$?6R3DYBHV?^T(X8&+HP\&P2CKMHIGXRQQ?(L_1)Y':Z2KH$%-SWW

V?Q



W]D?X[\).#J62@D.;-]Y

M?#WYHFNW





MF


O(0D$30))]H1[&A4/M\
5ED:4(DY#+:4
M[J+$Q2;UL)'= VL:@RHG:V6 =']&/7/%.GEB!9P%5IEC%!W@3\T:;?LUL^J-
M6J@Y;(;.5F=043MN3+




\Z!3[ G7[QKSF4#P*1%4I<9XAZ97&YRGY+S #\#%T
M,B/9:U(IWS_5-L:
Q2+O.)ZM0/0-IPMV/,H_1_8QIM0W<O*=YC\@4<8UII$ 6$K_*?B Y-IT#


M



M[Z6V!K8
+O5!.A\



M.F8Z?LXE (C&QWA*7=DP&PKP#%[6TD(&LR@*-GA%KLEJ
AMN)F.R'*XV/Y'-


6RK_R86=




MT7#$PLP51V$&8I$/5%$



M&L/0\B'PZ8WS:2XV

MN



Q=ZZ0/0I6M09%%^FE -V%GV7JW_$7HBQ3/];3&I(.

M#*5,[3F(P2G? .9@![Y@L,5$3R$X\21RQ41?%!3C&(I5#DW +6Z4*!@64D
M40:F^&O3N4*
Z8AM

M\-RM


N=^ IN]/:ZZ-



M:R]7R_Z%--FU1T:+OG9B'5%?0ZO;@3WM5)PA(S;-PEI(B2&N?W&N1E%D-[B4
M[H\:%=?3
B4FNDOJBS@*JLQ0\A.L' 072FRO&+#%-JAIY3$&ZGRR(;/%NJIF




MOU+K) $]@BTV$S+XFER3]8=WZ\E_?YC
-V3R(_MOUYZ;M&8H/94:]0A6LO%B
MV@S)O%W9'_=N%P.$3.
W![(G^:E[%H).%X?2WP


42<,MV]T)S^CA+0\XWZK2NM0@
MA. V4U-VT+:QH2S)1E?<OM

M4[YC([B^\23^/Q#$0TI;:*J[SP+'3U.AEBN[JSS-


MANNU@CN*YW5FW#B1%#O'(

:ZV.3QZ

:([^
]C^[^3/F^BNZ&[+CLW%/3
MR VS[S'.*PD18GI.'*\(AE/DC)M-L0#7=4FXCW,K=.OTWM3I#%A-@/#?AP

M;_H%7K6=%.%?

E]_
MQNB*C(O9AG/







CZ^^%JTC&(&5KD'&LV



$]VFJ




M


G?FGOQ=


M66V;5!P%(



MN4[XG$NU.?SDJB9G=7N





NR5-E]N;V-Q





MIV(Y]?QI0/
%L&*EB32@

MNM0Z9:_JNI71Y>!






9LHX]-[CIX9


M^

G8
M&&474)-^:0Q*(R; 

*1P4GV#5O8)FB^3Y76K3AV6+C


PMH?'0574+^%)8'81PU@#A




 YX_

M68
(9*=:7V80_%*N?+/U


M$)(*) HH94N:F\ITE11-:L?]%-T^\(K%Z);LUSR#V6$6CJKV(_4B[S-CT9/)



Q67\_7$W69/%A
ML]ZPWT_GWW4


ZPO0I&A




MWW=X


MG^@O[ML_T6?+9X+O'^*=_SS^KYV#_?W/NP?[!Y.=_YW-_O'+X9?]GR_^]F'_



MXA?J\KL_[&4/J\18P




6=A#?AP5?TE1VMV?Y&/WC_F?O]Y2


8K_:'.(OW3
MUPRE:W2/6:]!?.DL4(U#D*S$8%G%4U)EUB%N\4;Z8ZK?-Z EY!1[2^I+@WC7

M=_0
 EZGLP+QAG!\R _Z@OPX(4RR
QRYCO]/Y)#3P#MQ8MXP!TD-!QX6D8_]
MN[ZP+_SQ+7TO!^_*8\

^RC
MRV1QAP@8H)1(#







2BW9E#?G'\!
T025D%
MM0+16Z$04%A %[UEN-

M?

T
0$?8K-2B2OF?9T





MM$EA*CB8MLZP*:'R9\@JW?#D?#T+:SHNJ+$XP) C E?TU].^ 5L\9RFT#RC&
MKN-O;K]GM1O#-G]6F1MW@K8+=EZ5R0%V1.=$=&FI06+\I0 ,TP;IPX
DWB

SFUC5HI!#4MXFUQ
)%2$QMUHW H

M
M#+E&44+)RJ


C[80

MM



M:6:!1





=P!9




S
$YBM/!W* ?KML#^[A:]:Z-KZAB84M'QL2


MY

5
MA.A%]JZ$,)C6LE+L/:JC73$2@
YFXZ-V_:$N#]I6JVKCF+7F2O.0OAT7?E
MN^YM:%0
%R$O.J- T-P@7P8(;[WA1.BM7V&D@2L
[R)2;X^9/A
7:S'C(F?B





G# I+']#;X/\!R[3A#GP[3LV5\3/44O; .+G6*ZWR


OS8MM\H0DC=NN7MK#)I!1B
LN./

















K_C@AHB'07X$;%IWD@8_W1YDS4.J1-
-OJJ


M/!Q?X^BW0?R



M) SHCVYVMGC&J%JBUOHUUKBQ]@#9Z

MB


M&S2



MM4/+*+?S^3@
TG755'9V4%DYL:P\T.EKVG8ZH(-IR^KH580UGIDBJ4;H)&M
MW@)&P2C/,-FO76//[J'$+EYF*-\3EWA60E6H]?I
70Q

P
/4
M(5/R
& C6ST







[
XY@:]S1K_5:MRX3Y


M^CS!C]BCX3.OWM2DL07)DE1]#4JV=$2 8?K8%O@R6?2Y4SYR[-ZK
X+0-66+


'



DVY:O

MIJ030N 2CZ!(?IHC*1*:Z0U[1/!4T\782\=%W 14C-'RZ@U.ALT 1'.J/6
M.7QB3

MAO&K4Q@.8$
@/H(?;5L/4 _]-AH#&QCJONJ(MGZ2&X6#@L6V
*B








ISDR&3+$]\KQFR
M]Q+(WEL V7LQ9/K.@\FZ^R![(
%D'T00_91



=&7&.0=?I;!]MD&V#Y+8-.7'.0='LI@.[0!
MMD

4IKAW+6LK\\H70A$7^26=C





M')7']L#7V^%?:6_P41R5Q_; MX&#P

M&*UTSXF:/LH-+-1*15ZQE8!5A_P!^^?.B=!?OOM_4$L! A0#%     @ )X)9
M4O:8B=TSK0  (W4) !$              ( !     'II=F\M
C R
#$R
S$N


M8JT  'II=F\M
C R
#$R

C R
#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+

  &UO 0 5                23,  !Z
M:79O+3(P,C Q,C,Q7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% 

I=F\M
C R
#$R

