■ FDA announced the approval of a dry powder formulation of tobramycin (TOBI Podhaler—Novartis), an antibiotic used to treat Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in patients with cystic fibrosis. The powder comes in a handheld plastic inhaler that patients use twice daily for 28 days, then stop using for 28 days before resuming.
The inhaler's effectiveness was established in a study of 95 pediatric and adult patients with cystic fibrosis.
All patients were 6 years or older and infected with P. aeruginosa. Patients were randomly assigned to receive the tobramycin inhaler or placebo for 28 days. All patients then received treatment with tobramycin inhaler for the study remainder. The study was designed to determine the improvement in lung function by measuring the change in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1).

Patients treated with the tobramycin inhaler experienced a statistically significant increase of 12.5% in FEV1, compared with an increase of only 0.09% in patients treated with placebo. Additional data supporting safety and effectiveness were available from other studies enrolling 487 patients.
■ BD Rx announced FDA approval of diphenhydramine hydrochloride injection 50 mg/mL, an injectable antihistamine available in 1-mL prefilled single-use BD Simplist syringes in 24-count cartons. The traditional vial and syringe injection sequence requires clinicians to perform up to 20 steps, whereas the prefilled injectables reduce the sequence to approximately 12 steps.

Diphenhydramine hydrochloride injection is effective in adults and pediatric patients, other than premature infants and neonates, when oral diphenhydramine hydrochloride is impractical. The injectable antihistamine treats allergic reactions to blood or plasma, anaphylaxis as an adjunct to epinephrine and other standard measures after acute symptoms have been controlled, and other uncomplicated allergic conditions when oral therapy is impossible or contraindicated.
This product can also treat motion sickness and parkinsonism when oral therapy is impossible or contraindicated in older patients who are unable to tolerate more potent agents; in mild cases of parkinsonism in other age groups; and in other cases of parkinsonism when combined with centrally acting anticholinergic agents.
■ Dr. Reddy's Laboratories announced FDA approval of isotretinoin (Zenatane) capsules, a generic version of Roche's Accutane, for severe recalcitrant nodular acne unresponsive to conventional therapy (e.g., systemic antibiotics). Isotretinoin is a retinoid that inhibits sebaceous gland function and keratinization, reduces sebaceous gland size, and inhibits sebaceous gland differentiation.

Due to the teratogenicity and fetal harm associated with isotretinoin, it is available only through a restricted distribution program called iPLEDGE. Both the prescriber and pharmacy must be registered through iPLEDGE, and isotretinoin may be dispensed only to patients who are also registered and meet all the iPLEDGE requirements.
Isotretinoin capsules are available in 10-, 20-, and 40-mg strengths in 30-count boxes as unit-dose blisters.
■ Breckenridge and Aptalis announced the release of propranolol hydrochloride extended-release capsules, a generic version of Akrimax's Inderal LA. This nonselective betablocker treats hypertension, angina pectoris due to coronary atherosclerosis, migraine, and hypertrophic subaortic stenosis. It is available in 60-, 80-, 120-, and 160-mg strengths.
■ Mission Pharmacal announced the approval of grape-flavored prednisolone sodium phosphate oral solution, a glucocorticoid to treat steroid-responsive disorders, including severe asthma attacks, in children.
The new formulation, which comes in a higher 25-mg/5-mL strength in 8-oz bottles, has 40% less volume than the 15-mg/5-mL formula and was designed with a pleasant taste to ease administration to children.
■ Mallinckrodt announced FDA approval of 36- and 54-mg extended-release methylphenidate hydrochloride tablets, a generic version of Janssen's Concerta, to treat ADHD in patients 6 years and older. A 27-mg strength was made available in December 2012 when Mallinckrodt received FDA approval to manufacture and market the tablets in 27-, 36-, and 54-mg dosages.
Methylphenidate HCl is thought to block the reuptake of norepinephrine and dopamine into the presynaptic neuron and increase the release of these monoamines into the extraneuronal space.
