■ Abiraterone (Zytiga—Janssen)
has been approved for use in men with late-stage (metastatic), castration-resistant prostate cancer prior to receiving chemotherapy. The drug was initially approved for use in men whose prostate cancer progressed after treatment with docetaxel.
Approval was based on a doubleblind study involving 1,088 men with late-stage, castration-resistant prostate cancer who had not previously received chemotherapy. Results showed that radiographic progression-free survival was 16.5 months with abiraterone and 8.3 months with prednisone alone (P < 0.001). In addition, over a median follow-up period of 22.2 months, overall survival was improved with abiraterone (median not reached vs. 27.2 months for prednisone alone, P = 0.01). (See page 32 for more information.)
■ FDA announced that it has expanded the approval of oseltamivir (Tamiflu—Roche) to treat pediatric patients as young as 2 weeks who have shown symptoms of influenza for no longer than 2 days. The agency noted that the drug is not approved to prevent influenza in this population.
The expanded approval was based on extrapolation of data from previous study results in adults and older children, as well as additional supporting safety and pharmacokinetic studies. FDA noted that dosing for children younger than 1 year must be calculated for each patient based on their exact weight. These children should receive 3 mg/kg twice daily for 5 days. These smaller doses will require a different dispenser than what is currently copackaged with the drug.
■ Biotest announced FDA approval of immune globulin intravenous (human) 10% liquid (Bivigam) for
the treatment of patients with primary humoral immunodeficiency (PI). The product is a sugar-free, glycine-stabilized, I.V. immune globulin available in 50-mL (5-g) and 100-mL (10-g) tamper-evident vials.
Biotest noted that the product uses a label with an integrated hanger, that the packaging material is latex free, and that this is the first polyspecific intravenous immune globulin they are manufacturing in the United States. They plan to eventually produce up to 1.5 million g (1.5 tons) of immune globulin in the U.S. facility.


■ Alexza announced FDA approval of loxapine (Adasuve) inhalation powder for the acute treatment of agitation associated with schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder in adults. Loxapine is an antipsychotic agent that is already marketed in capsule form. Alexza noted that this new formulation of loxapine uses the company's proprietary Staccato delivery system, which is a hand-held inhaler that delivers a drug aerosol to the deep lung, resulting in rapid systemic delivery and absorption.


Data from two Phase III trials showed that a dose of loxapine 10 mg resulted in statistically significant reductions in agitation, with effects apparent as early as 10 minutes following administration as compared with placebo.
Alexza noted that the product can cause bronchospasm that has the potential to lead to respiratory distress and respiratory arrest. The drug will only be available through the Adasuve REMS restricted program and can only be administered in health care facilities with immediate access to onsite equipment and personnel trained to manage acute bronchospasm.
■ Endo announced the launch of its reformulated, crush-resistant oxy- morphone extended-release tablets (Opana ER) in two new strengths, 7.5 mg and 15 mg. According to surveillance data, the reformulated design correlated to reduced abuse rates compared with the non-crush-resistant version discontinued in May.
The launch of these two additional dosage strengths add to the five reformulated crush-resistant strengths already on the market: 5 mg, 10 mg, 20 mg, 30 mg, and 40 mg.


