FDA approved new labeling for morphine sulfate and naltrexone hydrochloride extendedrelease (ER) capsules indicating that the opioid analgesic, marketed under the trade name Embeda (Pfizer), has properties that are expected to reduce oral abuse if the product is crushed and taken orally or snorted. It is the third ER opioid analgesic to be approved with labeling describing the product's abuse-deterrent properties consistent with FDAs 2013 draft guidance, Abuse-Deterrent Opioids—Evaluation and Labeling.
Embeda is indicated for pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. It works by releasing only the morphine in the capsule when taken properly. When crushed, the naltrexone in Embeda blocks some of the euphoric effects of the morphine and can precipitate withdrawal in persons dependent on opioids.
When swallowed intact, however, Embeda can still be abused or misused because the naltrexone is not expected to substantially block the euphoric effects of the morphine. It is unknown whether Embeda's abuse-deterrent properties will result in a reduction in abuse via the I.V. route until additional postmarketing data are available.

Adalimumab (Humira— AbbVie) has received FDA approval to reduce signs and symptoms and achieve and maintain clinical remission in children aged 6 years and older with Crohn disease when other treatments have not worked well enough. This approval represents the eighth indication for adalimumab in the United States and makes it the first and only biologic treatment approved for use in this patient population that can be administered at home.
Adalimumab works by inhibiting tumor necrosis factor-alpha and can be selfadministered after proper injection training is received and with appropriate physician monitoring.

An inhalation spray version of tiotropium bromide (Spiriva Respimat— Boehringer Ingelheim) has received FDA approval for the long-term, once-a-day maintenance treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease—including chronic bronchitis and emphysema— and to reduce exacerbations in patients with the condition. The drug is already available as an inhalation powder called Spiriva HandiHaler, which will remain on the market.
Approval of the new indication was based on seven clinical trials, including one that compared more than 5,700 patients who used the drug with almost 5,700 treated with Spiriva HandiHaler.
Sore throat, cough, dry mouth, and sinus infection were the most common adverse events reported by trial participants. The manufacturer's news release stated the product will be available in January 2015.
