
FDA approved apremilast (Otezla—Celgene Corp.) for the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), a form of arthritis that affects some adults with psoriasis. Most people develop psoriasis first and are later diagnosed with PsA. Joint pain, stiffness, and swelling are the main signs and symptoms of PsA.
Safety and effectiveness of apremilast, an inhibitor of phos- phodieasterase-4 (PDE-4), were evaluated in three clinical trials involving 1,493 patients with active PsA. Patients treated with apremilast showed improvement in signs and symptoms of PsA, including tender and swollen joints and physical function, compared with patients receiving placebo.
Patients treated with apremilast should have their weight monitored regularly by a health professional. If unexplained or clinically significant weight loss occurs, the weight loss should be evaluated, and discontinuation of treatment should be considered. Treatment with apremilast is also associated with an increase in reports of depression compared with placebo.
FDA is requiring a pregnancy exposure registry to assess the risks to pregnant women.
In clinical trials, the most common adverse effects were diarrhea, nausea, and headache.

FDA has approved the oral pediatric drug propranolol hydrochloride (Hemangeol—Pierre Fabre Dermatologie) for proliferating infantile hemangioma (IH) requiring systemic therapy. It is the first and only treatment for the condition.
Propranolol hydrochloride was studied in infants aged 5 weeks to 5 months at therapy initiation with a proliferative IH requiring systemic treatment in a randomized, double-blind trial comparing four propranolol treatment protocols versus placebo.
The treatment protocol of 3 mg/kg/d dose for 6 months had a 60.4% success rate versus 3.6% in the placebo group, resulting in complete or nearly complete resolution of the target hemangioma, with 11.4% of patients needing retreatment.

LipidPlus Professional Lipid Profile and Glucose Measuring System (Jant Pharmacal) tests for total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, triglycerides, and glucose. Both lipid and glucose test strips use capillary whole blood. The LipidPlus Professional lipid panel is available on a single test strip that may be stored at room temperature. Only a small sample of capillary whole blood is required to obtain results in less than 2 minutes. The small, portable, handheld analyzer is battery-operated and can transmit results to a computer or printer. A small printer is available with the analyzer. The lipid strips use automatic code recognition by radio-frequency identification tag, while glucose strips are recognized by color tag. To order, contact Jant Pharmacal at 800–6765565 or info@lipidplus.com.

Serious adverse effects include hypoglycemia, bradycardia, hypotension, bronchospasm, and worsening congestive heart failure. The most frequently reported adverse reactions were sleep disorders, aggravated respiratory tract infections such as bronchitis and bronchiolitis associated with cough and fever, diarrhea, and vomiting. Adverse reactions led to treatment discontinuation in less than 2% of treated patients.
Hemangeol will be available in June 2014, according to the manufacturer.

Teva announced FDA approval of capecitabine, A generic equivalent to Xeloda. The fluoropyrimidine treats metastatic breast cancer that is resistant to both paclitaxel and an anthracycline-contain- ing chemotherapy regimen or to paclitaxel when further anthracycline therapy is not indicated. It is also indicated with docetaxel for metastatic breast cancer after failure of a prior anthracycline-containing regimen.
Capecitabine is available in 150- and 500-mg tablets.

FDA has approved meth- azolamide, Perrigo's generic version of Neptazane. The carbonic anhydrase inhibitor treats ocular conditions when lowering intraocular pressure would be of therapeutic benefit (e.g., chronic open-angle glaucoma, secondary glaucoma, and pre- op in acute angle-closure glaucoma). Its inhibitory action on carbonic anhydrase decreases the secretion of aqueous humor and results in a decrease in intraocular pressure.

FDA has approved First Response Gold Digital Pregnancy Test to determine if a woman is pregnant up to 6 days before her missed period and with more than 99% accuracy from the day of her expected period. In addition, the First Response Early Result Pregnancy Test, which was previously approved to determine if a woman is pregnant up to 6 days before her missed period, has also been cleared by FDA to detect pregnancy with more than 99% accuracy from the day of her expected period.

According to the manufacturer, this is a significant step in pregnancy test innovation.

Carbidopa, a generic version of Lodosyn from Amerigen, has received FDA approval. The dopa-decarbox- ylase inhibitor relieves symptoms of Parkinson disease in combination with carbidopa- levodopa or with levodopa alone.
Administration of carbidopa with levodopa makes more levodopa available for transport to the brain. As it crosses the blood–brain barrier, it is presumably converted to dopamine, the mechanism by which levodopa is thought to relieve symptoms of Parkinson disease.
Carbidopa is available in 25-mg tablets.
