
Coagulation factor IX (recombinant), Fc fusion protein (Alprolix—Biogen) is the first hemophilia B treatment for children and adults that requires less-frequent injections. The orphan product consists of the factor IX molecule linked to the Fc portion of antibodies, which makes the product last longer in circulation.
Alprolix was approved to help control and prevent bleeding episodes and to manage bleeding during surgical procedures.
Safety and efficacy were evaluated in a multicenter clinical trial that compared each of two prophylactic treatment regimens with on-demand treatment. A total of 123 individuals with severe hemophilia B, aged 12 years to 71 years, were followed for up to 1.5 years.
The study demonstrated Alprolix's effectiveness in the prevention and treatment of bleeding episodes and during perioperative management of patients undergoing a surgical procedure. No safety concerns were identified.
Alprolix received orphandrug designation because it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition.
Once-weekly injectable albiglutide (Tanzeum—GlaxoSmithKline) received FDA approval as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes.
Albiglutide is a glucagonlike peptide-1 receptor agonist, a hormone that helps normalize blood glucose levels.
The drug's safety and effectiveness were evaluated in eight clinical trials that included more than 2,000 patients with type 2 diabetes. Participants showed an improvement in their glycosylated hemoglobin level.
Albiglutide should not be used to treat people with type 1 diabetes, those who have increased ketones in their blood or urine, or as first-line therapy for patients whose diabetes can't be managed with diet and exercise.
The drug comes with a boxed warning cautioning that tumors of the thyroid gland have been observed in rodent studies with some GLP-1 receptor agonists but that it is unknown whether albiglutide causes thyroid C-cell tumors, including medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC), in humans.
FDA has approved a handheld auto-injector (Evzio—Kaléo, Inc.) that delivers a single dose of the drug naloxone hydrochloride to reverse opioid overdose. Available by prescription, the device can be used by family members or caregivers to treat a person known or suspected to have had an opioid overdose. Naloxone cancels the effects of opioid overdose and is the standard treatment for overdose. However, existing naloxone drugs require administration via syringe and are most commonly used by trained medical personnel in emergency departments and ambulances.
Naloxone is injected into the muscle or under the skin. Once turned on, the device provides verbal instruction to the user on how to deliver the medication. Family members or caregivers should become familiar with all instructions for use and practice with the trainer device before administering to persons known or suspected to have had an opioid overdose.
Because naloxone may not work as long as opioids, repeat doses may be needed. The device is not a substitute for immediate medical care, and the person administering naloxone should seek further, immediate medical attention on the patient's behalf.
Use of naloxone in patients who are opioid dependent may result in severe opioid withdrawal. Abrupt reversal of opioid depression may result in nausea, vomiting, sweating, accelerated heart rate, increased blood pressure, uncontrollable trembling, seizures, and cardiac arrest.
FDA reviewed the device under the agency's priority review program and was granted a fast-track designation.
Albiglutide should not be used in patients with a personal or family history of MTC or in patients with multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2 (a disease in which patients have tumors in more than one gland in their body and that predisposes them to MTC).
In clinical trials, the most common adverse effects observed were diarrhea, nausea, and injection site reactions.
Albiglutide was approved with a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy.
FDA approved ramucirumab (Cyramza—Eli Lilly) to treat patients with advanced stomach cancer or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma. Ramucirumab is an angiogenesis inhibitor that blocks the blood supply to tumors.
Its safety and effectiveness were evaluated in a clinical trial of 355 participants with unresectable or metastatic stomach or gastroesophageal junction cancer. Two-thirds of trial participants received ramucirumab, while the remaining participants received placebo.
Participants treated with ramucirumab experienced a median overall survival rate of 5.2 months compared with 3.8 months in participants receiving placebo. In addition, participants who took ramucirumab experienced a delay in tumor growth compared with participants who were given placebo.
Results from a second clinical trial that evaluated the efficacy of ramucirumab plus paclitaxel (another cancer drug) versus paclitaxel alone also showed an improvement in overall survival.
Common adverse effects included diarrhea and high blood pressure.
FDA reviewed ramucirumab under its priority review program and granted the drug orphan product designation because it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition.

Topiramate (Topamax—Janssen), taken once daily to reduce the frequency of migraine headaches, has been approved for adolescents aged 12 to 17 years— the first FDA approval of a drug for migraine prevention in this age group. Many patients experience their first migraine attack before reaching adulthood, and migraine can be just as disabling in teens as it is in adults.
Topiramate was first approved by FDA in 1996 to prevent seizures and was approved for migraine prevention in adults in 2004.
Safety and effectiveness in preventing migraine headaches in adolescents aged 12 to 17 years were established in a clinical trial enrolling 103 participants. Those treated with topiramate experienced a decrease in the frequency of migraine of approximately 72% compared with 44% among those on placebo.
The most common adverse reactions with the approved 100-mg dose were paresthesia, upper respiratory infection, anorexia, and abdominal pain.
Topiramate and all antiepileptic drugs may increase the risk of suicidal thoughts and behavior. Advise patients to be alert for signs and symptoms of depression or unusual changes in mood or behavior.
The drug also increases the risk of cleft lip and/or cleft palate in infants born to women who take the drug during pregnancy. The benefits and risks of topiramate should be carefully weighed before prescribing it to women of childbearing age.

Raloxifene, Teva's generic version of Evista, has received FDA approval. The estrogen agonist/antagonist—a selective estrogen receptor modulator belonging to the benzothiophene class of compounds—is primarily indicated in the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.

Raloxifene is also indicated in the reduction of risk of invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis and the reduction of risk of invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women at high risk of invasive breast cancer.
The product is available in 60-mg tablets.
Teva also announced the launch of eszopiclone tablets, the generic equivalent to Lunesta, a nonbenzodiazepine pyrrolopyrazine hypnotic indicated for the treatment of insomnia. Its effect is believed to result from its interaction with GABA-receptor complexes at binding domains located close to or allosterically coupled to benzodiazepine receptors.
Eszopiclone tablets are available in 1-mg, 2-mg, and 3-mg tablets.

