Budesonide (Uceris—Salix Pharmaceutics, Dr. Falk Pharma) received FDA approval in a rectal foam formulation to treat active, mild to moderate distal ulcerative colitis.
In clinical trials, the foam formulation demonstrated improved reach (or spread) and rapid distribution of budesonide to the sigmoid colon and the rectum, without the difficulties and inconvenience associated with retention of enema formulations.
Trials also suggested that the foam provides more immediate and targeted therapy for distal ulcerative colitis than is available with oral therapies.
The foam formulation was designed to improve both the patient’s ability to retain the drug in the rectum following administration as well as distribution of the active drug to the rectum and sigmoid colon.

Mixing prescription or OTC medications with a vitamin, mineral, or other dietary supplements could have dangerous and even life-threatening effects, warned FDA in a recent consumer update.
Some dietary supplements may affect absorption, metabolism, or excretion of a medication and either increase or decrease its potency. For example, drugs for HIV/AIDS, heart disease, and depression; treatments for organ transplants; and oral contraception are less effective when taken with St. John’s wort. Depending on the medication involved, the results can be serious. In addition, warfarin, ginkgo biloba, aspirin, and vitamin E can each thin the blood. Taking any of these products together may increase the potential for internal bleeding or stroke.
Children, in particular, could be harmed by taking supplements together with medications because they metabolize substances at different rates, depending on their age.
Some dietary supplements can interact in a harmful way with medications patients need to take before, after, or during surgery. Some should be discontinued 2 to 3 weeks before a procedure to avoid potentially dangerous changes in heart rate, blood pressure, or bleeding risk.
Encourage patients to bring a list of all the dietary supplements and medications they are taking whenever they visit their health professional. The list should include the dosages and how many times a day the patient takes the meds and supplements. Some people find it easiest to throw all their dietary supplements and medications in a bag to bring to the medical visit. Patients should also talk to their health professional if their health status has changed, particularly if they are pregnant, breastfeeding, or have had any recent illnesses or surgery.
FDA approved a prefilled dual-chamber syringe formulation of aripiprazole (Abilify Maintena—Otsuka,Lundbeck), an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia. It is the first and only once-monthly injection of a dopamine D2 partial agonist.
Efficacy was demonstrated in a placebo-controlled, randomized-withdrawal maintenance trial in patients with schizophrenia.
When reconstituted with sterile water for injection, the sterile lyophilized powder forms an injectable suspension that can be administered monthly. After an initial injection of aripiprazole along with an overlapping 14-day dosing of oral antipsychotic treatment, subsequent injections of aripiprazole provide uninterrupted medication coverage for 30 days at a time.
The companies expect the dual-chamber syringe to be available in January 2015.
■ Ramucirumab (Cyramza—Eli Lilly) has received FDA approval for use in combination with paclitaxel to treat advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction (GEJ) adenocarcinoma.
Ramucirumab was approved in April 2014 as a single agent to treat advanced gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma refractory to or progressive following firstline therapy with platinum or fluoropyrimidine chemotherapy.
Approval for the new indication was based on improved overall survival (OS) in a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that enrolled 665 patients with previously treated advanced or metastatic gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma. Patients were randomized to receive either ramucirumab in combination with paclitaxel or matching placebo plus paclitaxel.
A statistically significant prolongation of OS was demonstrated; median OS was 9.6 and 7.4 months in the ramucirumab plus paclitaxel arm and placebo plus paclitaxel arm, respectively. Progression-free survival was also significantly longer for patients receiving ramucirumab plus paclitaxel.
Safety data were evaluated in 656 patients who received at least one dose of the study drug. Frequently reported adverse reactions with ramucirumab plus paclitaxel were fatigue/asthenia, neutropenia, diarrhea, and epistaxis. The most common serious adverse reactions were neutropenia and febrile neutropenia.
Dexamethasone intravitreal implant 0.7 mg, marketed as Ozurdex (Allergan), has received FDA approval for the treatment of diabetic macular edema (DME) in the general population.
The sustained-release biodegradable steroid implant was originally approved as a treatment for DME in adult patients who have an artificial lens implant or who are scheduled for cataract surgery.
In two clinical studies, Ozurdex demonstrated long-term efficacy in the treatment of DME without the need for monthly injections.
The most common adverse events were cataracts and elevated intraocular pressure (IOP).
An increase in mean IOP was seen with each treatment cycle, and the mean IOP generally returned to baseline between treatment cycles.
The Ozurdex implant is also indicated for the treatment of macular edema following branch retinal vein occlusion or central retinal vein occlusion and for the treatment of noninfectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye.
Celgene announced FDA approval of apremilast, a selective inhibitor of phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4), to treat patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis for whom phototherapy or systemic therapy is appropriate.
Apremilast is the first and only PDE4 inhibitor approved for the treatment of plaque psoriasis. In March 2014, it was approved for psoriatic arthritis.
Approval was based primarily on safety and efficacy results from two multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies conducted in adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
In the studies, apremilast treatment resulted in significant and clinically meaningful improvements in plaque psoriasis.
Safety was assessed in 1,426 patients from three clinical trials.
Adverse effects include diarrhea, nausea, upper respiratory tract infection, tension headache, and headache.
Apremilast is dispensed through a comprehensive network of specialty pharmacies throughout the United States.
Estradiol transdermal system (Minivelle—Noven Pharmaceuticalsl has received FDA approval for the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. FDA initially approved the estradiol transdermal system to treat moderate to severe hot flashes.
The new 0.025 mg/d patch is 33% smaller than the previous 0.0375 mg/d patch, which is about the size of a dime.
It is now approved with five dosing options: 0.025 mg/d, 0.0375 mg/d, 0.05 mg/d, 0.075 mg/d, and 0.1 mg/d, with the newly approved, lower dose of 0.025 mg/d indicated for the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis only.
The new lower dose of 0.025 mg/d is expected to be available in pharmacies in January 2015.


