IBGStar: Glucometer that attaches to iPhone or iPad ($72-$100 for device; $1.20 per strip). www.ibgstar.us/
Glooko Diabetes Management app: Attaches to many devices and allows for visualization of trends and sharing. https://glooko.com/
LifeScan OneTouch Ultra Mini and OneTouch Ultra2: Blood glucose meters that provide blood glucose results in 5 seconds and automatically send results wirelessly to iPhone. http://www.onetouch.com/
“Red Flags,” an educational video designed to help pharmacists identify the warning signs of opioid and other prescription drug abuse and diversion, has been released by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy (NABP) and the Anti-Diversion Industry Working Group (ADIWG), a consortium of pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors. The video highlights the potential warning signs, which are not easy to spot, by weaving personal narratives with interactions between pharmacists and patients. The video is available at www.awarerx.org/pharmacists.
FDA approved a new use for echnetium 99-m tilmanocept injection (Lymphoseek—Navidea), a radioactive diagnostic imaging agent used to help physicians determine the extent squamous cell carcinoma has spread in the body’s head and neck region. To use echnetium 99-m tilmanocept, physicians inject the drug into the tumor area and later, using a handheld radiation detector, find the sentinel lymph nodes that have taken the drug’s radioactivity.
In 2013, the agent was approved to help identify lymph nodes closest to a primary tumor in patients with breast cancer or melanoma. This new indication will allow for the option of more limited lymph node surgery in patients with sentinel nodes negative for cancer.
Safety and effectiveness were established in a clinical trial of 85 patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the lip, oral cavity, and skin. Results showed that sentinel lymph node biopsy guided by echnetium 99-m tilmanocept accurately determined if the cancer had spread throughout the lymphatic system.
The most common adverse effect was pain or irritation at the injection site.
Teva received FDA approval for dexmethylphenidate hydrochloride extended release capsules, CII, in 15-mg and 30-mg strengths, for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. It is an AB-rated generic version of Focalin XR Extended-Release Capsules, CII.
Teva and Mylan received FDA approval for the first generic versions of cele-coxib (Celebrex—Pfizer), a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, short- term (acute) pain, and other conditions.
Teva received approval to market celecoxib capsules in 50-mg, 100-mg, 200-mg, and 400-mg strengths and has 180-day exclusivity on the 100-mg, 200-mg, and 400-mg strengths. Mylan received approval to market 50-mg cele-coxib capsules.
In clinical trials, the most commonly reported adverse reactions in patients taking the drug for arthritis were abdominal pain, diarrhea, indigestion, flatulence, peripheral edema, accidental injury, dizziness, pharyngitis, rhinitis, swollen nasal passages, sinusitis, upper respiratory tract infection, and rash.
FDA approved the use of beclomethasone dipropio- nate HFA (Qvar—Teva) with a dose counter for the ongoing treatment of asthma in patients 5 years of age and older.
The dose counter helps asthma patients and their care- givers keep track of the number of doses remaining in the canister. Qvar also is indicated to reduce or eliminate the need for systemic corticosteroids.
Inhaled corticosteroids may cause a reduction in growth rate, so children taking Qvar should have their growth checked regularly. The long- term effect on final adult growth is unknown. In clinical studies, common adverse effects included headache and sore throat.
The product will be available later this year, said Teva.
Novo Nordisk announced the availability of insulin detemir (rDNA origin) injection (Levemir FlexTouch), an insulin delivery device with no push-button extension. When a dose is dialed with traditional prefilled insulin pens, the push button extends.
Compatible with both NovoFine and NovoTwist needles, the pen contains 300 units of insulin detemir and doses in 1-unit increments from 1 to 80.


