■ Recombinant C1-esterase inhibitor (Ruconest—Pharming Group NV, Salix Pharmaceuticals) treats acute attacks in adult and adolescent patients with hereditary angio- edema (HAE).
HAE is caused by having insufficient amounts of a plasma protein called C1-esterase inhibitor. It affects approximately 6,000 to 10,000 people in the United States. People with HAE can develop rapid swelling of the hands, feet, limbs, face, intestinal tract, or airway. These acute attacks of swelling can occur spontaneously or can be triggered by stress, surgery, or infection. Swelling of the airway is potentially fatal without immediate treatment.
The new product is a human recombinant C1-esterase inhibitor purified from the milk of genetically modified rabbits. It is intended to restore the level of functional C1-esterase inhibitor in a patient's plasma, thereby treating the acute attack of swelling.
Safety and efficacy were evaluated in a multicenter controlled clinical trial. Forty-four adult and adolescent patients with acute attacks were treated. The most common adverse reactions reported were headache, nausea, and diarrhea.

Johns Hopkins Antibiotic Guide: Choose the correct drug and dosage, then review the risks of potential adverse reactions or interactions. Available for $29.95/year. www.hopkinsguides.eom/hopkins/ub/learn#abx
5-Minute Clinical Consult: Diagnose, treat, and follow up on more than 900 medical conditions. $100/year for iOS, $70/year for Android. www.unboundmedicine. com/5minute
MedCalc ($2) and MedCalc Pro ($5): Quickly determine results of different patient risks, scores, or doses with more than 300 formulas. MedCalc Pro includes a patient management system. http://medcalc.medserver.be/index.html
The product received orphan drug designation for acute attacks because it is intended for the treatment of a rare disease or condition.
The September issue of Pharmacy Today will feature an in-depth article about the new drug.
■ Immune globulin I.V. (human) 10%, 100-mg/mL liquid preparation (Octagam 10%—Octapharma USA) treats adults with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP), a platelet disorder that can result in easy or excessive bruising and bleeding.
Approval was based on the results of an Octapharma-sponsored clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Octagam 10% in 66 patients aged 17 years to 88 years with chronic ITP. Eighty-two percent of patients with chronic ITP attained the primary efficacy endpoint of clinical response (platelet count ≥50 x 109/L within 7 days of dosing), which was significantly higher than the predicted responder rate of 70%. In this study, no unexpected tolerability issues occurred even at the maximum infusion rate of 0.12 mL/kg/ minute (720 mg/kg/hr). The researchers further reported that 78% of patients with chronic ITP who had bleeding at baseline reported no bleeding 7 days after treatment.
The most common adverse events during the clinical trial were headache, fever, and increased heart rate. The most serious adverse event was a moderate headache.
The product is expected to be available in the United States in September 2014.
■ A rapid-acting inhaled insulin powder under the trade name Afrezza (MannKind) improves glycemic control in adults with diabetes. It is administered at the beginning of each meal or within 20 minutes after starting a meal.
The product's safety and effectiveness were evaluated in a clinical trial of 3,017 participants: 1,026 participants with type 1 diabetes and 1,991 patients with type 2 diabetes.
Efficacy of mealtime Afrezza in adult patients with type 1 diabetes was compared with mealtime insulin aspart (fast-acting insulin), both in combination with basal insulin (long-acting insulin) in a 24-week study.
At week 24, treatment with basal insulin and mealtime Afrezza provided a mean reduction in glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) that met the prespecified noninferior- ity margin of 0.4%. Afrezza provided less HbA1c reduction than insulin aspart, and the difference was statistically significant.
Afrezza was studied in adults with type 2 diabetes in combination with oral anti- diabetic drugs. The efficacy of mealtime Afrezza in type 2 diabetes patients was compared with placebo inhalation in a 24-week study. At week 24, treatment with Afrezza plus oral antidiabetic drugs provided a mean reduction in HbA1c that was statistically significantly greater compared with the HbA1c reduction in the placebo group.
Afrezza is not a substitute for long-acting insulin. Afrezza must be used in combination with long-acting insulin in patients with type 1 diabetes. It is not recommended for the treatment of diabetic ketoaci- dosis or in patients who smoke.
Afrezza has a Boxed Warning advising that acute broncho- spasm has been observed in patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Afrezza should not be used in patients with chronic lung disease, such as asthma or COPD, because of this risk. The most common adverse reactions were hypoglycemia, cough, and throat pain or irritation.
FDA approved Afrezza with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS).
■ Risedronate sodium, a generic of Actonel from Apotex, Mylan, and Sun Pharma Global, is available in 75-mg and 150-mg tablets for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmeno- pausal women.
■ Hydromorphone HCl extended-release tablets, an AB-rated opioid generic of Exalgo, are available in 8-mg, 12-mg, and 16-mg doses for pain management.
■ Erlotinib hydrochloride, a generic of Tarceva from Mylan in 25-mg, 100-mg, and 150-mg tablets, is indicated in combination with gemcitabine for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable, or metastatic pancreatic cancer.
■ Valsartan, a generic of Diovan in 40-mg, 80-mg, 160- mg, and 320-mg tablets from Ohm Laboratories, is indicated for the treatment of high blood pressure and heart failure.
■ Auxilium's testosterone topical gel is a generic of Testim for testosterone replacement therapy in males for conditions associated with a deficiency.
■ Methoxsalen 10-mg soft gelatin capsules from Strides Arcolab, an AB-rated generic of Oxsoralen-Ultra, is indicated for the symptomatic control of severe, recalcitrant, disabling psoriasis not adequately responsive to other forms of therapy and when the diagnosis has been supported by biopsy. Methoxsalen must be administered in conjunction with controlled doses of long-wave ultraviolet radiation.
■ Diclofenac sodium, Apotex's generic version of Pennsaid, is available in a 1.5% topical solution for the symptomatic treatment of osteoar- thritis of the knee(s).
■ Budesonide nasal spray, Apotex's AB-rated generic of Rhinocort Aqua, treats seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis in adults and children aged 6 years and older. The product delivers 32 mcg of budesonide with each metered spray and provides 20 sprays after initial priming.
■ Pill Pod, a keyless prescription drug lock box (4Thought Products), uses a hingeless, removable combination locking cover with a preassigned four-digit code that requires no set up.
Designed to be simple to use, lightweight, and strong, Pill Pod fits into standard-depth medicine cabinets and is convenient for travel use. It can store up to eight capsule or tablet containers and accommodate taller liquid bottles.
Pill Pod is available for $19.95 from www.pill-pod.com.




