■ Vertex announced FDA’s approval of ivacaftor (Kalydeco), the first medication used to treat the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis (CF). Ivacaftor is approved for people 6 years and older with CF who have at least one copy of the G551D mutation in the CFTR (cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator) gene. Ivacaftor works by targeting abnormal chloride trafficking—the underlying cause of CF.

Approval was based on data from two 48-week, Phase III studies of patients with CF and at least one copy of the G551D mutation. Those who were treated with ivacaftor experienced significant and sustained improvements in lung function and other disease measures, including weight gain and certain quality-of-life measurements, compared with those who received placebo. In addition, patients treated with ivacaftor experienced significantly fewer pulmonary exacerbations compared with placebo.
Adverse events with ivacaftor were generally mild to moderate in nature; those most commonly observed included headache, upper respiratory tract infection, stomach pain, and diarrhea.
A full write-up on ivacaftor will be published in April Today.
■ Levetiracetam (Keppra—UCB) tablets and oral solution have been approved by FDA as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures in children 1 month and older with epilepsy.

Approval was based on data from a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase III study evaluating the efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam oral solution 20–50 mg/kg/d in 116 pediatric patients 1 month to 4 years of age with refractory partial-onset seizures. Levetiracetam significantly reduced the frequency of partial-onset seizures in this trial; 43.1% of patients treated with levetiracetam experienced at least a 50% reduction in seizure frequency during the evaluation period compared with 19.6% of placebo- treated patients (P = 0.013). Somnolence (13.3%) and irritability (11.7%) were the most common adverse events reported in the levetiracetam group.
Levetiracetam is already indicated for use as adjunctive treatment for partial- onset seizures in children and adults 4 years and older, for myoclonic seizures in patients 12 years and older with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, and for primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients 6 years and older with idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
■ Tenofovir (Viread—Gilead Sciences) has received FDA approval to be used in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in pediatric patients aged 2 to 12 years. In addition, three lower strength, once-daily tablets of tenofovir have been approved (150 mg, 200 mg, and 250 mg) for children aged 6 to 12 years and an oral powder formulation for children aged 2 to 5 years.
Approval was based on data from a Phase III safety and efficacy study of a tenofovir-containing antiretroviral regimen. The regimen was compared with an antiretroviral regimen containing zidovudine or stavudine in HIV-infected treatment-experienced children aged 2 to 12 years. According to Gilead, the safety profile observed in the study was consistent with that observed in clinical trials in adults.
Tenofovir was originally approved by FDA in 2001 as a once-daily 300-mg tablet for patients aged 18 years and older for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in combination with other antiretrovirals. In March 2010, the 300-mg dose was approved for use in the United States for adolescents aged 12 to 17 years. It is also approved for the management of chronic hepatitis B in adults.
■ Extended-release exenatide for injectable suspension (Bydureon—Amylin, Alkermes) has received FDA approval as the first once-weekly treatment for patients with type 2 diabetes. This new formulation of exenatide is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes in multiple clinical settings. It should be administered as a 2-mg subcutaneous dose once every 7 days, given at any time of the day with or without meals.

Approval was based on data from a head-to-head 24-week study in which patients taking once-weekly exenatide experienced a statistically significant 1.6% reduction in glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C) from baseline, compared with a reduction of 0.9% for patients taking the original twice-daily exenatide formulation. In addition, patients in the once-weekly group experienced more weight loss (2.3 kg vs. 1.4 kg). The most frequently reported adverse event in both groups was nausea, reported less frequently with the new formulation (14%) than the older one (35%).
Extended-release exenatide has been approved with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risk of acute pancreatitis and the potential risk of medullary thyroid carcinoma. As part of the REMS, a communication plan for health professionals has been established.
■ Boehringer Ingelheim and Eli Lilly announced FDA approval of their new combination tablet containing linagliptin and metformin (Jentadueto) for the management of patients with type 2 diabetes. The drug is indicated to be used along with diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults. The tablets will be marketed in three strengths of linagliptin/metformin: 2.5 mg/500 mg, 2.5 mg/850 mg, and 2.5 mg/1,000 mg.

Data from a 24-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled factorial study evaluating 791 adult patients with type 2 diabetes and inadequate glycemic control demonstrated that linagliptin plus metformin resulted in greater reductions in A1C and fasting plasma glucose levels compared with placebo, linagliptin monotherapy, and metformin monotherapy.
Nasopharyngitis and diarrhea were reported more commonly in patients treated with linagliptin and metformin than in patients treated with placebo. The label contains a boxed warning for the risk of lactic acidosis, a serious metabolic complication that can occur because of metformin accumulation during treatment.
■ Merck announced FDA approval of its combination tablet containing sitagliptin and extended-release metformin (Janumet XR) as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes when treatment with combination therapy is appropriate. This new combination offers patients a once-daily treatment option; the original formulation using immediate-release metformin (Janumet) is dosed twice daily.
Approval was based on a clinical bioequivalence study demonstrating that administration of Janumet XR was equivalent to coadministration of corresponding doses of the two individual medications, sitagliptin and extended- release metformin.
When switching patients from Janumet to Janumet XR, maintain the same total daily dose. In addition, educate patients given the new formulation to take the tablets once daily with a meal, preferably in the evening, and not to split, break, crush, or chew the tablets before swallowing. Janumet XR will be marketed in strengths of 100 mg/1,000 mg, 50 mg/500 mg, and 50 mg/1,000 mg of sitagliptin and extended-release metformin.
■ The labeling for bortezomib (Velcade—Millennium, Takeda) has been updated to allow subcutaneous administration of the agent for all approved indications. Approval was based on data from a randomized, Phase III, open-label, international, noninferiority trial conducted in 222 bortezomibnaive patients with relapsed multiple myeloma. The trial compared efficacy and safety data for I.V. and subcutaneous bortezomib.

Patients receiving bortezomib subcutaneously achieved a four-cycle overall response rate of 43% and complete response rate of 7%, while patients receiving bortezomib intravenously achieved an overall response rate of 42% and a complete response rate of 8%. The overall safety profile was similar between the two arms, but fewer patients in the subcutaneous arm experienced peripheral neuropathy.
The labeling for bortezomib was also updated to include a contraindication for intrathecal administration, as fatal events have occurred with inadvertent intrathecal administration of this agent.
■ CSL Behring announced approval of a label expansion for its C1 esterase inhibitor [human], Berinert, to include self-administration for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE). The new label also expands the use of the product for life-threatening laryngeal HAE attacks. The drug was originally approved in October 2009 for the treatment of acute abdominal or facial attacks of HAE in adolescent and adult patients.
Berinert is administered as an I.V. infusion, traditionally by a health professional; with proper training, however, patients can safely self-administer the drug. The manufacturer recommended that self-administration be considered for all patients.
Approval of self-administration was based on data from clinical studies in which intervention with C1 esterase inhibitor at the onset of an abdominal or facial HAE attack was shown to provide significantly faster relief (median onset of relief 48 min vs. more than 4 h with placebo). In addition, data from a nonplacebo extension study showed that use of the drug to treat laryngeal attacks provided a median onset of relief of 15 minutes.
■ Actavis Group announced FDA approval of methylphenidate extended-release capsules (LA) in 20-mg, 30-mg, and 40-mg strengths. The capsules are AB rated and bioequivalent to Novartis’s Ritalin LA 20-mg, 30-mg, and 40-mg capsules. The capsules are indicated for the management of ADHD.
■ FDA has approved a new diagnostic test to help determine if patients using natalizumab (Tysabri—Biogen Idec/ Elan) are at increased risk for developing progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML). The Stratify JCV Antibody ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) test by Focus Diagnostics detects anti-John Cunningham virus (JCV) antibodies. The presence of these antibodies would indicate that a patient has been exposed to JCV in the past. Patients receiving immunomodulatory therapies such as natalizumab have an increased chance of developing PML from JCV.
FDA noted that this new test, in conjunction with assessment of other risk factors for PML such as treatment with natalizumab for a significant period of time (i.e., longer than 2 years) and use of other immunosuppressant medications, will help clinicians determine the risks and benefits of continuing natalizumab.
In a separate action, FDA announced changes to the natalizumab labeling to include information that testing positive for anti-JCV antibodies is a recently identified risk factor for developing PML.
