
FDA has approved finafloxacin otic suspension (Xtoro—Alcon Laboratories, Inc.), an eardrop that treats acute otitis externa, commonly known as swimmer's ear, caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. It is the newest FDA-approved drug belonging to the fluoroquinolone antimicrobial drug class, joining several other antibacterial products previously approved to treat ear infections.
Xtoro's safety and efficacy were established primarily in two clinical trials with 1,234 participants between the ages of 6 months and 85 years who were randomly assigned to receive Xtoro or its vehicle (a solution without a fluoroquinolone). Clinical cure was achieved if ear tenderness, redness, and swelling were completely resolved.
Among 560 participants whose acute otitis externa was confirmed to be caused by P. aeruginosa or S. aureus, 70% who received Xtoro achieved clinical cure versus 37% who received the vehicle. In addition, Xtoro was superior to the vehicle for clearing the bacteria based on ear culture and eased ear pain sooner than the vehicle. The most common adverse were itching of the ear and nausea.

MediDose/EPS has released three new styles of metric- only oral syringes that meet the latest Institute for Safe Medication Practices recommendations. The syringes, in eight sizes ranging from 0.5 mL to 60 mL, come as either clear, with orange or blue graduations, or in light-protecting, ultraviolet inhibitant amber with white graduations. Their rigid O-Ring plunger design aligns with the syringe's graduation markings, allowing for clear visualization of fluid levels. An offset medication port allows for enteral feeding applications. Hands-free plugging tip caps that are compatible with the company's press-in bottle adapters are included with each case of syringes.

Human papillomavirus (HPV) 9-valent vaccine, recombinant (Gardasil 9—Merck Sharp & Dohme) has received FDA approval for the prevention of cervical, vulvar, vaginal, and anal cancers caused by nine types of HPV. The new vaccine protects against five additional HPV types—31, 33, 45, 52, and 58—that cause approximately 20% of cervical cancers and are not covered by Gardasil, which covered HPV types 6, 11, 16, and 18. It is approved for use in females aged 9 through 26 years and males aged 9 through 15 years.
Gardasil 9 is administered as three separate injections, with the initial dose followed by additional injections given 2 and 6 months later. For all of the indications for use approved by FDA, Gardasil 9's full potential for benefit is obtained by those who are vaccinated prior to becoming infected with the HPV strains covered by the vaccine.

FDA approved a new use for ruxolitinib (Jakafi—Incyte) to treat polycythemia vera, a chronic type of bone marrow disease, in patients who had an inadequate response to or cannot tolerate hydroxyurea. It is the first drug approved by FDA for this condition.
Ruxolitini works by inhibiting enzymes that are involved in regulating blood and immuno- logical functioning. The drug's approval to treat polycythemia vera will help decrease the occurrence of an enlarged spleen and the need for phlebotomy. Results showed 21% of ruxolitinib-treated participants experienced a reduction in the need for a phlebotomy and a reduction in spleen volume, compared with 1% of participants who received best available therapy.
The most common adverse effects in clinical trials were anemia, low blood platelet counts, dizziness, constipation, and shingles.
FDA has expanded the approved use of ramucirumab (Cyramza—Eli Lilly) to treat patients with metastatic non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Ramucirumab works by blocking the blood supply that fuels tumor growth. The drug is intended for patients whose tumor has grown during or following treatment with platinum-based chemotherapy, and it is to be used in combination with docetaxel, another type of chemotherapy.
Approval for this indication was based on a clinical study of 1,253 participants with previously treated and progressive lung cancer. Participants were randomly assigned to receive ramucirumab plus docetaxel or a placebo plus docetaxel. Half of the participants treated with ramucirumab plus docetaxel survived an average of 10.5 months from the start of treatment compared with an average of 9.1 months from the start of treatment for one-half of the participants who received placebo plus docetaxel.
The most common adverse effects were neutropenia and stomatitis. The drug can also cause severe bleeding, blood clots, and elevation in blood pressure and may impair wound healing.
This approval is the third indication ramucirumab has received in 2014. It has been approved for the treatment of advanced stomach cancer or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma (GEJ) and for advanced gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma in combination with paclitaxel.
Long-acting release (LAR) pasireotide (Signifor LAR— Novartis), a next-generation somatostatin analog (SSA), has received FDA approval for patients with acromegaly who have had an inadequate response to surgery and/or for whom surgery is not an option. Acromegaly is a rare and life- threatening hormonal disorder caused by elevated growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1 levels.
Approval was based on two multicenter Phase III studies involving medically naive patients who had prior surgery or for whom surgery was not an option and patients with acromegaly inadequately controlled on first generation SSAs. In both studies, higher rates of full biochemical control were achieved with LAR pasireotide compared with a first-generation SSA.
The drug is administered intramuscularly once monthly.
