On March 25, FDA approved Anthrasil—anthrax immune globulin intravenous (human)— to treat patients with inhalational anthrax in combination with appropriate antibacterial drugs.
To support the nation’s preparedness against a possible anthrax attack, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority purchased Anthrasil under Project BioShield in 2011 as an experimental drug for the U.S. Strategic National Stockpile. Because Anthrasil was not approved, its use prior to approval would have required an emergency use authorization from FDA.
Anthrasil is manufactured from the plasma of individuals vaccinated against anthrax. The plasma contains antibodies that neutralize toxins produced by the anthrax bacteria.
Efficacy of Anthrasil was studied in animals because it was not feasible or ethical to conduct adequately controlled efficacy studies in humans. Rabbits and monkeys were exposed to a lethal aerosolized dose of Bacillus anthracis spores, then treated with Anthrasil or a placebo and evaluated for survival.
Survival in anthrax-infected monkeys treated with Anthrasil ranged from 36% to 70% compared with 0% survival in the placebo group, with a trend toward increased survival at higher doses of Anthrasil. Rabbits treated with a moderate dose of Anthrasil after infection exhibited 26% survival compared with 2% survival in the placebo group. Another study in rabbits showed that a combination of Anthrasil and antibiotics resulted in 71% survival compared with 25% survival in animals treated with antibiotics alone.
The results of studies in research animals provided sufficient evidence that Anthrasil is reasonably likely to benefit humans with inhalational anthrax. FDA’s Animal Rule allows efficacy findings from adequate and well-controlled animal studies to support FDA approval when it is not feasible or ethical to conduct trials in humans.
The product’s safety was tested in 74 healthy human volunteers. The most commonly observed adverse effects were headache, back pain, nausea, and infusion site pain and swelling.
FDA has expanded the approved use of aflibercept (Eylea—Regeneron) to treat diabetic retinopathy (DR) in patients with diabetic macular edema (DME). Aflibercept is administered by a physician as an injection into the eye once a month for the first five injections and then once every 2 months. It is intended to be used along with appropriate interventions to control blood glucose, blood pressure, and cholesterol.
Safety and efficacy of aflibercept to treat DR in patients with DME were evaluated in 679 participants in two clinical studies in which participants were randomly assigned to receive aflibercept or macular laser photocoagulation, a laser-based treatment used to burn small areas of the retina.
At week 100, participants being treated with aflibercept showed significant improvement in the severity of their DR, compared with patients who did not receive aflibercept.
The most common adverse effects include bleeding of the conjunctiva, eye pain, cataracts, floaters, increased intraocular pressure, and vitreous detachment.
Serious adverse reactions include infection within the eye and retinal detachments.
FDA granted breakthrough therapy designation to aflibercept for the treatment of DR with DME. The agency also reviewed the new use for aflibercept under the agency’s priority review program.
FDA previously approved aflibercept to treat wet age-related macular degeneration, a condition in which abnormal blood vessels grow and leak fluid into the macula. Aflibercept is also approved to treat DME and macular edema secondary to retinal vein occlusions, both of which cause fluid to leak into the macula, resulting in blurred vision.
In February, FDA approved ranibizumab injection 0.3 mg to treat DR in patients with DME.
FDA has approved a new indication for asenapine (Saphris—Actavis) as monotherapy for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder in pediatric patients (aged 10–17 y). Asenapine is the only atypical antipsychotic treatment option with a sublingual formulation.
Approval was based on the results of a 3-week mono-therapy trial in 403 pediatric patients (aged 10–17 y), of which 302 pediatric patients received asenapine twice daily in doses of either 2.5 mg, 5 mg, or 10 mg.
The drug was shown to demonstrate improvement in Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) total score and Clinical Global Impression-Bipolar (CGI-BP) Severity of Illness overall score versus placebo.
The most common adverse effects in pediatric patients were sleepiness, dizziness, strange sense of taste, numbing of the mouth, nausea, increased appetite, fatigue, and weight gain.
Asenapine is a second-generation atypical antipsychotic that was initially approved in 2009 and is indicated for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder in adults as monotherapy or as adjunctive therapy with either lithium or valproate, and for the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia in adults.
Actavis announced FDA approval of an expanded indication for onabotulinumtoxin A (Botox for the treatment of adults with upper limb spasticity. The expanded label now includes the addition of two thumb muscles: flexor pollicis longus, a muscle in the forearm that flexes the thumb; and adductor pollicis, a muscle in the hand that functions to adduct the thumb.
FDA also approved an increase to the maximum cumulative dose within 3 months from 360 to 400 units in adults treated for one or more indications.
The first generic of Copaxone—glatiramer acetate injection—for the treatment of patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS) has received FDA approval. Sandoz, the manufacturer, received approval to market generic glatiramer acetate as a 20 mg/1 mL daily injection.
In the clinical trials for the drug, the most common adverse reactions were skin problems at the injection site (redness, pain, swelling, and itching), flushing (vasodilation), rash, shortness of breath, and chest pain.
