MyFamily: Provides access to customized prevention information and tips for family members: services covered by the Affordable Care Act, personal health alerts, ability to log medical appointments and vaccinations, and more. Free. http://healthfinder.gov/stayconnected/
AsthmaMD for iPhone: Allows users to easily and quickly log their asthma activity, medications, and triggers in the form of a diary that they may share with their physicians for inclusion in their medical records. Users also send encrypted and anonymous data, such as the severity of their asthma attacks, triggers, time, date, and location, to a database to help researchers gather information on the causes and external correlation of asthma. Free. www.asthmamd.org/#resources/iphone_chart.jpg
iGeriatrics: Combines all of the American Geriatrics Society’s (AGS) free clinical information offerings in one easy-to-use application. Includes Beers Criteria, AGS Pocket Guide to Common Immunizations in the Older Adult, Management of Atrial Fibrillation, Prevention of Falls Guidelines, GeriPsych Consult, and more. $2.99. www.americangeriatrics.org/publications/shop_publications/smartphone_products/
■ FDA has expanded the use of the cobas HPV DNA test (Roche Molecular Systems) as a primary screening test to assess the need for women aged 25 and older to undergo additional diagnostic testing for cervical cancer. The test also can provide information about the patient’s risk for developing cervical cancer in the future.
FDA first approved the test in 2011 for use in conjunction with or as a follow-up to a Pap test. Using a sample of cervical cells, the test specifically identifies human papillomavirus (HPV) 16 and HPV 18, while concurrently detecting 12 other types of high-risk HPVs.
Based on results of the cobas HPV test, women who test positive for HPV 16 or HPV 18 should have a colposcopy. Women testing positive for 1 or more of the 12 other high-risk HPV types should have a Pap test to determine the need for a colposcopy. Health professionals should use the cobas HPV test results with other information, such as the patient screening history, risk factors, and current professional guidelines. The approval does not change current guidelines for cervical cancer screening, which are developed, reviewed, and modified by groups other than FDA.
■ FDA approved a 20-mg/mL oral suspension of mercaptopurine (Purixan—NOVA Laboratories) for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) as part of a combination regimen.
Mercaptopurine has been commercially available as a 50-mg tablet (Purinethol—Teva) since its approval in 1953. Because a 50-mg tablet is not an ideal dosage for children, however, ad hoc compounded formulations were used or 50-mg tablets were split to provide the desired dose. A suspension can more accurately deliver the desired dose to children with a wide range of weights using a consistent administration schedule. It also allows more flexibility in adjusting the dose.
Approval was based on one clinical pharmacology study to assess the bioequivalence of mercaptopurine from Purinethol tablet with that of the mercaptopurine oral suspension in a healthy adult population.
■ FDA approved the first prescription omega-3 in free fatty acid form, omega-3-car-boxylic acids (Epanova—AstraZeneca), as an adjunct to diet to reduce triglyceride levels in adults with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Dosage is 2 g (two capsules) or 4 g (four capsules), making it the first prescription omega-3 to have a dosing option as few as two capsules once a day.
Approval was based on a clinical development program that examined Epanova’s efficacy in lowering triglycerides and other key lipid parameters in patients with very high triglycerides. Its effect on the risk of pancreatitis or on cardiovascular mortality and morbidity has not been determined.
An upcoming large-scale trial will evaluate Epanova’s safety and efficacy on cardiovascular outcomes in combination with statin therapy in patients with mixed dyslipidemia at increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
