EPS has released additional metric-only oral dispensers that meet the latest ISMP recommendations. The dispensers come in four sizes: 1, 3, 5, and 10 mL. EPS's oral, latex-free dispensers contain a one-piece plunger construction that eliminates rubber grommets and silicone coating. All of the new metric-only oral dispensers have a tip designed for easier oral and topical dispensing applications. The tip design prohibits acceptance of hypodermic needles, while the low-capacity tip reservoir reduces residual content and ensures maximum delivery of medication.
All EPS oral dispensers can be capped with either standard tip caps or EPS's "Wagon Wheel" stand design. The "Wagon Wheel" cap provides a solid base for standing dispensers on a countertop where they can be easily handled when administering medication. Its large design reduces the potential of pediatric choking. The dispensers as well as the entire line of syringe and dispensing products can be labeled with EPS's LiquiDose Butterfly and Mini LiquiDose labels and with bar codes using the company's MILT 4 software. For more information, visit www.medidose.com.

■ Sirolimus (Rapamune— Wyeth) received FDA approval for the treatment of lymphan- gioleiomyomatosis (LAM), a rare, progressive lung disease that primarily affects women of childbearing age. This is the first drug approved to treat the disease.
LAM is characterized by an abnormal growth of smooth muscle cells that invade lung tissues (including the airways) and blood/lymph vessels, causing destruction of the lung.
According to the National Library of Medicine, only between 2 and 5 women per million women worldwide are known to have the disease.
Available as both a tablet and an oral solution, sirolimus was originally approved in 1999 as an immunosuppressive agent to help prevent organ rejection in patients 13 years and older receiving kidney transplants.
The most commonly reported adverse effects during clinical trials were mouth and lip ulcers, diarrhea, abdominal pain, nausea, sore throat, acne, chest pain, leg swelling, upper respiratory tract infection, headache, dizziness, muscle pain, and elevated cholesterol.
Serious adverse effects including hypersensitivity and edema have been observed in renal transplant patients.
■ Three-month paliperidone palmitate (Invega Trinza— Janssen Pharmaceuticals), a long-acting atypical antipsychotic, has received FDA approval as a new indication for schizophrenia. It is the first and only schizophrenia medication to be administered four times a year, providing the longest dosing interval available.
Before starting the medication, patients must be adequately treated with 1-month paliperidone palmitate for at least 4 months.
In a long-term maintenance trial, 93% of patients treated with paliperidone palmitate did not experience a significant return of schizophrenia symptoms. The results of the Phase III study were published in March by JAMA Psychiatry.
■ FDA expanded the indication for the antiepileptic drug (AED) perampanel hydrate (Fycompa—Eisai Inc.) as adjunctive therapy for primary generalized tonic–clonic (PGTC) seizures in patients with epilepsy 12 years of age and older.
Perampanel is a first-in- class, highly selective AMPA receptor antagonist first approved in the United States as adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures with or without secondarily generalized seizures in patients aged 12 years and older in 2012.
The most common adverse events associated with perampanel were dizziness, fatigue, headache, somnolence, and irritability.
■ FDA has approved rifaximin (Xifaxan—Salix Pharmaceuticals) as a new indication for irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea (IBS-D) in adult men and women.
Rifaximin can be taken orally three times a day for 14 days for the treatment of abdominal pain and diarrhea in patients with IBS-D. Patients who experience a recurrence of symptoms can be retreated with a 14-day treatment course up to two times.
An antibiotic derived from rifampin, rifaximin was previously approved as treatment for travelers' diarrhea caused by E. coli and for reduction of the risk in adult patients of recurring overt hepatic encephalopathy.
The exact mechanism of action of rifaximin for treatment of IBS-D is not known, but it is thought to be related to changes in the bacterial content in the gastrointestinal tract.
The most common adverse effects include nausea and an increase in alanine aminotransferase. If diarrhea does not improve or worsens after treatment with rifaximin, then evaluation for development of a severe infectious diarrhea, Clostridium difficile enterocolitis, should be performed.
Caution should be used when using rifaximin in patients with severe liver impairment or when combined with certain other drugs.
FDA has launched its new Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS) website, REMS@FDA, at www.fda.gov/ REMS. Until July 13, FDA will keep both REMS@FDA and the previous site (http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ PostmarketDrugSafetyInformationforPatientsandProviders/ ucm111350.htm) updated with new REMS information. After July 13, the old site will be archived and will no longer be updated with new information.
The new user-friendly website contains a table of all currently approved individual and shared REMS, as well as a link to historical REMS. The table provides an at-a-glance overview of elements included in each REMS and links to detailed pages for the REMS. All REMS materials are downloadable in PDF format.
The FDA Amendments Act of 2007 gave the agency the authority to require REMS from drug and biologics manufacturers to ensure that the benefits of a drug or biological product outweigh its risks. REMS requirements can impose special duties on manufacturers, wholesalers, pharmacists, physicians, and/or patients. Failure to comply with a REMS potentially has significant legal consequences and patient safety implications.
■ Glatiramer acetate injection (Sandoz), called Glatopa, is the first generic of Copaxone for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), including in patients who have experienced a first clinical episode and have magnetic resonance imaging features consistent with MS. Dosage is 20 mg/mL once daily.
■ Zolpidem tartrate sublingual tablets (Novel Laboratories), a generic of Intermezzo, are available in 1.75-mg and 3.5-mg dosages for the treatment of insomnia.
■ Linezolid for oral suspension (Roxane Laboratories) 100 mg/5 mL, a generic of Zyvox, treats different types of bacterial infections, such pneumonia, skin infections, and infections that are resistant to other antibiotics.
■ Eptifibatide injection 75 mg/100 mL (Teva), a generic of Integrilin, is used to prevent blood clots or heart attack in people with severe chest pain or other conditions, and in those who are undergoing angioplasty.

