Data from a recent clinical trial comparing Flublok Quadrivalent to an egg-based quadrivalent inactivated vaccine showed that Flublok Quadrivalent was better at preventing influenza last season. Approved by FDA in January 2013 for individuals aged 18 and older, Flublok is the first recombinant protein-based vaccine to prevent seasonal influenza and the first vaccine made without use of eggs.
The study included about 9,000 participants aged 50 and older in which one-half received Flublok Quadrivalent and one-half received egg-based quadrivalent inactivated influenza vaccine. The results showed that 31% more people were protected by Flublok than by the egg-derived vaccine. It produced significantly higher immune responses to the A strains of influenza, especially H3N2.
Because the vaccine is made without eggs, it is not subject to the mutations that are sometimes introduced into the vaccine during the process of egg adaptation and can cause traditional vaccines to be ineffective.
Health professionals wishing to preorder Flublok may contact one of the following distributors:
FFF Enterprises: 800-843-7477; www.myfluvaccine.com
Cardinal Health: 866-677-4844; www.cardinal.com/us/en/SPD/Ordering
McKesson: 877-MCK-4FLU; mms.mckesson.com
Henry Schein Medical: 800-772-4346; www.henryschein.com/flu
For more information about Flublok, please visit www.flublok.com.

FDA approved a new indication for the antiepileptic drug (AED) perampanel hydrate (Fycompa—Eisai) as adjunctive therapy for primary generalized tonic-clonic (PGTC) seizures in patients with epilepsy who are 12 years of age and older.
Perampanel is a first-in- class, highly selective alpha- amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl- 4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptor antagonist first approved as adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures with or without secondarily generalized seizures in patients aged 12 years and older in 2012.
The new indication for PGTC was based on results of a Phase III study with 164 patients aged 12 years and older who were having PGTC seizures despite treatment with one to three AEDs. Patients received perampanel oral tablets, once daily, up to 8 mg/d in the titration period and 8 mg/d during the maintenance period.
The study showed a statistically significant reduction in PGTC seizure frequency with perampanel compared with placebo. In addition, significantly more children responded to perampanel than to placebo. Roughly 31% of patients treated with perampanel were free of PGTC seizures, compared with 12% of those treated with placebo during the 13-week maintenance period.
The most common adverse events associated with perampanel are dizziness, fatigue, headache, somnolence, and irritability.
