■ FDA has approved secukinumab (Cosentyx— Novartis) to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy, phototherapy, or both.
Secukinumab is an antibody that binds to a protein (interleukin [IL]-17A) and inhibits its ability to trigger the inflammatory response that plays a role in the development of plaque psoriasis. It is administered as an injection under the skin.
The Medication Guide informs patients that, because secukinumab affects the immune system, they may have a greater risk of getting an infection. Serious allergic reactions have been reported with its use. Caution is advised when considering use in patients with a chronic infection or history of recurrent infection and in patients with active Crohn disease.
The most common adverse effects include diarrhea and upper respiratory infections.
■ The anticlotting drug edoxaban (Savaysa—Daiichi Sankyo) has been FDA approved to reduce the risk of stroke and dangerous blood clots in patients with atrial fibrillation that is not caused by a heart valve problem.
Edoxaban also has been approved to treat deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) in patients who have already been treated with an anticlotting drug administered by injection or infusion for 5 to 10 days.
The most common adverse effects observed in trial participants were bleeding and anemia. As with other FDA-approved anticlotting drugs, bleeding, including life-threatening bleeding, is the most
serious risk with edoxaban. There is no treatment that has been proven to reverse edoxaban’s anticoagulant effect.
eGFR Calculator. Estimate kidney function using five separate estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) calculators. Includes reference list and other information to help identify risk factors, evaluate for chronic kidney disease (CKD), and manage progression using evidence-based strategies. Android, iPhone, and iPad. Free. www.kidney.org/apps/professionals/ egfr-calculator
Relative Risk, Monitoring, and Referral in Patients with CKD. Summarizes new science that explains how eGFR and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) are independent risk factors for the following adverse outcomes: all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, kidney failure, acute kidney injury, and progressive CKD. iPhone. Free. www.kidney.org/apps/ professionals/relative-risk-monitoring-and-referral-patients-ckd
Edoxaban has a boxed warning that states edoxaban is less effective in atrial fibrillation patients with a creatinine clearance greater than 95 mL per minute.
■ FDA has approved liraglutide injection, rDNA origin (Saxenda—Novo Nordisk A/S) under the trade name Saxenda as a treatment option for chronic weight management in addition to a reduced-calorie diet and physical activity.
The drug is approved for use in adults with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or greater (obesity) or adults with a BMI of 27 or greater (overweight) who have at least one weight-related condition such as hypertension, type 2 diabetes, or dyslipidemia.
Liraglutide is a glucagonlike peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist and should not be used in combination with any other drug belonging to this class, including Victoza, a treatment for type 2 diabetes. Saxenda and Victoza contain the same active ingredient, liraglutide, at different doses: 3 mg and 1.8 mg, respectively. However, Saxenda is not indicated for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, as the safety and efficacy of Saxenda for this use has not been established.
Patients using Saxenda should be evaluated after 16 weeks to determine if the treatment is working. If a patient has not lost at least 4% of baseline body weight, Saxenda should be discontinued, as it is unlikely that the patient will achieve and sustain clinically meaningful weight loss with continued treatment.
Saxenda has a boxed warning stating that tumors of the thyroid gland have been observed in rodent studies with Saxenda but that it is unknown whether Saxenda causes thyroid C-cell tumors. Saxenda should not be used in patients with a personal or family history of MTC or in patients with multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2.
Serious adverse effects reported include pancreatitis, gallbladder disease, renal impairment, and suicidal thoughts. Saxenda can also raise heart rate and should be discontinued in patients who experience a sustained increase in resting heart rate.
In clinical trials, the most common adverse effects observed in patients treated with Saxenda were nausea, diarrhea, constipation, vomiting, low blood glucose, and decreased appetite.
■ The dermal filler Bellafill (Suneva Medical) has received FDA approval for the treatment of moderate to severe, atrophic, distensible facial acne scars on the cheek in patients older than 21 years of age.
■ FDA approved a new indication for ivacaftor (Kalydeco— Vertex Pharmaceuticals) in people with cystic fibrosis aged 6 years and older who have the R117H mutation in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene. The drug was previously approved for the mutations G551D, G178R, S549N, S549R, G551S, G1244E, S1251N, S1255P, and G1349D.
■ FDA approved a lower dose formulation (40 |jg) of beclomethasone dipropionate (QNASL—Teva), a nonaqueous intranasal corticosteroid for treatment of allergic rhinitis in children aged 4 years to 11 years. QNASL Nasal in 80 mcg was previously approved for adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older.
