The first fixed-dose combination of perindopril arginine and amlodipine (Prestalia− Symplmed) for the treatment of hypertension has received FDA approval. The oral product is indicated for patients whose blood pressure is not adequately controlled on monotherapy and as initial therapy if a patient is likely to need multiple drugs to achieve blood pressure goals.

FDA expanded the approved use of ranibizumab injection 0.3 mg (Lucentis—Genentech) to treat diabetic retinopathy (DR) in patients with diabetic macular edema (DME).
In some cases of DR with DME, abnormal new blood vessels grow on the surface of the retina. Severe vision loss or blindness can occur if the new blood vessels break. The drug is administered by a physician as an injection into the eye once a month. It is intended to be used along with appropriate interventions to control blood glucose levels, blood pressure, and cholesterol.
The most common adverse effects include bleeding of the conjunctiva, eye pain, floaters, and increased pressure inside the eye. Serious adverse effects include infection within the eyeball and retinal detachments.
FDA previously approved ranibizumab to treat DME and macular edema secondary to retinal vein occlusions, both of which cause fluid to leak into the macula, resulting in blurred vision.
Ranibizumab also is approved to treat neovascular age-related macular degeneration, a condition in which abnormal blood vessels grow and leak fluid into the macula.
FDA expanded the approved use of ibrutinib (Imbruvica—Pharmacyclics, Janssen Biotech) for patients with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (WM), a rare form of cancer that begins in the body’s immune system. The drug received a breakthrough therapy designation for this use.
A type of non–Hodgkin lymphoma, WM usually gets worse slowly over time and causes abnormal blood cells, B lymphocytes (B cells), to grow within the bone marrow, lymph nodes, liver, and spleen. In WM, abnormal B cells also overproduce immunoglobulin M or IgM (macroglobulin) that may lead to excess bleeding, vision problems, and nervous system problems.
Ibrutinib works by blocking the enzyme that allows the abnormal B cells in WM to grow and divide.
FDA initially granted ibrutinib accelerated approval in November 2013 for use in patients with mantle cell lymphoma who received one prior therapy. In February 2014, FDA granted accelerated approval to ibrutinib for use in patients with previously treated chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and then, in July 2014, expanded its use to include treatment of CLL patients who carry a deletion in chromosome 17.
The drug’s most common adverse effects are low blood platelet counts, neutropenia, diarrhea, anemia, fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, bruising, nausea, upper respiratory tract infection, and rash.
Health professionals should inform patients of the risk of hemorrhage, infections, abnormal heartbeat, development of new cancers, metabolic disturbances following treatment, and embryo-fetal toxicity.
FDA expanded the approved use of lisdexamfetamine dimesylate (Vyvanse—Shire U.S., Inc.) to treat bingeeating disorder in adults. The first FDA-approved medication to treat this condition, it was initially approved in 2007 as a once-daily medication to treat attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
The drug is a Schedule II controlled substance because it has high potential for abuse or dependence. It is not approved or recommended for weight loss, as efficacy for this indication has not been studied.
The most common adverse effects reported by people taking lisdexamfetamine dimesylate in the clinical trials included dry mouth, insomnia, increased heart rate, jittery feelings, constipation, and anxiety.
Serious risks include psychiatric problems and heart complications, including sudden death in people who have heart problems or heart defects, and stroke and heart attack in adults.
Central nervous system stimulants such as lisdexamfetamine dimesylate may cause psychotic or manic symptoms, such as hallucinations, delusional thinking, or mania, even in individuals without a prior history of psychotic illness.

FDA approved the first generic version of Nexium, esomeprazole magnesium delayed-release capsules (Ivax Pharmaceuticals), to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) in adults and children aged 1 year and older. Esomeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) that reduces the amount of acid in the stomach. Ivax gained approval to market esomeprazole in 20-mg and 40-mg capsules. Esomeprazole capsules are also approved to reduce the risk of gastric ulcers associated with use of NSAIDs, treat the stomach infection Helicobacter pylori along with certain antibiotics, and to treat conditions where the stomach makes too much acid, including Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
The most serious risks with generic esomeprazole capsules are stomach problems, including severe diarrhea, and a warning that people who take multiple daily doses of PPIs for a long period of time may have an increased risk of bone fractures.
The most common adverse effects reported in clinical trials include headache, diarrhea, nausea, flatulence, abdominal pain, sleepiness, constipation, and dry mouth.


