The fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system (Ionsys—The Medicine Co.) offers patients recovering from surgery in the hospital control over their analgesic dosing by pushing a button to dispense fentanyl transdermally via an imperceptible electrical current as needed for pain. Ionsys will only be administered to patients in hospitals enrolled in the Ionsyis Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program and is not intended for home use, according to the manufacturer.
■ FDA has expanded the indication of moxifloxacin (Avelox—Bayer HealthCare) for the treatment of pneumonic plague and septicemic plague. Moxifloxacin is also approved for prevention of plague in adult patients.
Plague is extremely rare in most parts of the world, including the United States, with 1,000 to 2,000 cases worldwide each year. The three most common forms of plague are bubonic plague (infection of the lymph nodes), pneumonic plague, and septicemic plague.
Plague can be spread to humans through bites from infected fleas, contact with infected animals or humans, or laboratory exposure. The bacteria that causes plague, Yersinia pestis, is considered a biological threat agent that could potentially be used as a bioterrorism agent.
PTSD Coach, developed by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs in collaboration with T2, assists veterans, active-duty personnel, and civilians who are experiencing symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). It is intended to be used as an adjunct to psychological treatment but can also serve as a stand-alone education tool. Key features include the following:

Self-assessment of PTSD symptoms with individualized feedback and ability to track changes in symptoms over time. The assessment does not formally diagnose PTSD.
Coping skills and assistance for common kinds of PTSD symptoms and problems, including systematic relaxation and self-help techniques.
Assistance in finding immediate support. The app enables individuals to identify personal sources of emotional support, populate the phone with those phone numbers, and link to treatment programs. In an emergency, users can quickly link to the National Suicide Prevention Hotline.
Education about key topics related to trauma, PTSD, and treatment.
To download the free app, visit www.ptsd.va.gov/public/materials/apps/PTSDCoach.asp.
FDA approved moxifloxacin for plague under the agency’s Animal Efficacy Rule, which allows efficacy findings from adequate and well-controlled animal studies to be used in cases where it is not feasible or ethical to conduct trials in humans. Because plague is such a rare disease, it would not be possible to conduct adequate efficacy trials in humans.
Moxifloxacin’s approval was based on an efficacy study conducted in African green monkeys that were infected with Y. pestis in a laboratory setting. Animals were randomly selected to receive a 10-day regimen of moxifloxacin or placebo at least 4 hours after the onset of fever following exposure to Y. pestis. The primary endpoint was survival at the end of the study.
All 10 monkeys treated with moxifloxacin survived. None of the 10 monkeys treated with placebo survived.
Moxifloxacin’s safety has been characterized in clinical studies and postmarketing information for the drug’s existing clinical uses. Common adverse effects are nausea, diarrhea, headache, and dizziness.
Moxifloxacin carries a boxed warning about an increased risk of tendinitis and tendon rupture and worsening of muscle weakness in people with the neuromuscular disorder myasthenia gravis.
Other adverse effects include allergic reactions, liver damage, abnormalities of the blood, effects on the nervous system, and abnormal heart rhythm. However, given that plague is a very serious and often deadly condition, the benefit of moxifloxacin for treating plague outweighs these potential risks.
■ In April, FDA approved fluticasone furoate/ vilanterol (Breo Ellipta— GlaxoSmithKline, Theravance) for the once-daily treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 years and older. The product was approved in May 2013 for long-term maintenance treatment and for reducing exacerbations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema. It is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm.
The product is a fixed-dose combination of the inhaled cor-ticosteroid fluticasone furoate and the long-acting beta-2 agonist vilanterol. Two strengths, 100/25 mcg and 200/25 mcg, have been approved for use in asthma, administered once daily using the dry powder inhaler.
Efficacy and safety of the product were studied in a clinical trial involving more than 12,000 participants in 23 studies of patients aged 12 years and older.
FDA stated that data do not support approval in patients aged 12–17 years and that additional data would be required to further demonstrate the safety and efficacy in this population.
■ Oral alosetron (Roxane Laboratories), a generic of Lotronex, treats severe, chronic irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women who have had diarrhea as the main symptom for at least 6 months. Alosetron should be used only in women who have tried other IBS treatments without success. Alosetron has not been shown to be effective in men with IBS.
Alosetron is available only under a special program called the Prometheus Prescribing Program. Patients must be registered in the program and sign documents stating they understand the risks and benefits of taking this medication.
■ Vardenafil hydrochloride (Watson Laboratories), a generic of Levitra, treats erectile dysfunction. The generic is available as orally disintegrating 10-mg tablets.
■ Nebivolol (Amerigen), a generic of Bystolic, is a beta- blocker for the treatment of hypertension. Initial dose is 5 mg orally once a day; maintenance dose is up to 40 mg orally once a day, titrated to patient response and tolerability.Doses can be increased at 2-week intervals.
