FDA granted accelerated approval to idarucizumab (Praxbind—Boehringer Ingelheim) for use in patients who are taking the anticoagulant dabigatran (Pradaxa—Boehringer Ingelheim) during emergency situations when there is a need to reverse dabigatran’s blood-thinning effects.
The first reversal agent approved specifically for dabigatran, idarucizumab works by binding to the drug compound to neutralize its effect. Idarucizumab solution is for I.V. injection.
Dabigatran received FDA approval in 2010 to prevent stroke and systemic blood clots in patients with atrial fibrillation, as well as for the treatment and prevention of deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. The most common adverse effects in the clinical trial were low potassium, confusion, constipation, fever, and pneumonia.
Reversing the effect of dabigatran exposes patients to the risk of blood clots and stroke from their underlying disease (such as atrial fibrillation). The idarucizumab labeling recommends that patients resume their anticoagulant therapy as soon as medically appropriate, as determined by their health care provider.

In an accelerated approval, FDA expanded the indication of pembrolizumab (Keytruda—Merck) to treat patients with metastatic non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose disease has progressed after other treatments and with tumors that express the PD-L1 protein.
Pembrolizumab is approved for use with a companion diagnostic, the PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx test (Dako North America Inc.), the first test designed to detect PD-L1 expression in NSCLC tumors.
By blocking the PD-1/PD-L1 cellular pathway, pembrolizumab may help the body’s immune system fight the cancer cells. In 2014, pem-brolizumab was approved to treat patients with advanced melanoma following treatment with ipilimumab, a type of immunotherapy.
FDA has expanded the approved use of nivolumab (Opdivo—Bristol-Myers Squibb) to treat patients with metastatic non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose disease progressed during or after platinum-based chemotherapy.
The most common type of lung cancer, NSCLC is further divided into two main types named for the kinds of cells found in the cancer: squamous cell and nonsquamous cell (which includes adenocarcinoma). Nivolumab targets the cellular pathway known as PD-1/PD-L1 (proteins found on the body’s immune cells and some cancer cells). By blocking this pathway, nivolumab may help the body’s immune system fight the cancer cells.
Earlier this year, FDA approved nivolumab to treat patients with advanced squamous NSCLC whose disease progressed during or after platinum-based chemotherapy.
Nivolumab’s most common adverse effects are fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, decreased appetite, cough and constipation. Nivolumab also may cause serious adverse effects that result from the drug’s immune system effect. These severe immune-mediated adverse effects involve healthy organs, including the lung, colon, liver, kidneys, hormone-producing glands, and the brain.
