FDA has launched The Orange Book Express, a mobile application to put timely information about generic drugs in the hands of those using smartphones and tablets. The new app makes it easy and convenient to view The Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations list, most commonly known as the “Orange Book.”
Users can identify drug products approved on the basis of safety and effectiveness by the agency, as well as information about patents and exclusivity. It allows them to search both the active ingredient and proprietary name fields at once, without searching separately for each marketing status for prescription, OTC, and discontinued products. Users can also search by patent number without specifying a marketing status. The app will differ from the full Web version of the Orange Book in that the ability to filter results and search for text within results will be unavailable via data download.
For more information about the new mobile app, including links for free download via iTunes or Google Play Store, visit http://1.usa.gov/1Y2SnG5.

An expanded use of ipilimumab (Yervoy—Bristol-Myers Squibb) has been FDA approved for adjuvant treatment of patients with cutaneous melanoma with pathologic involvement of regional lymph nodes of more than 1 mm who have undergone complete resection, including total lymphadenectomy.
The recommended dose and schedule for ipilimumab for this indication is 10 mg/kg administered via I.V. over 90 minutes every 3 weeks for four doses, followed by 10 mg/kg every 12 weeks for up to 3 years. If toxicity occurs, doses are omitted, not delayed.

Aurobindo Pharma Ltd. announced FDA approval of memantine hydrochloride tablets, a generic of Namenda, in 5-mg and 10-mg strengths. The drug is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe dementia of the Alzheimer type.
Palonosetron hydrochloride injection (Teva), a generic of Aloxi, has received FDA approval.
Palonosetron is used in adults to prevent nausea and vomiting caused by surgery or chemotherapy and is used in children only to prevent nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy.
Itraconazole oral solution (Amneal), a generic of Sporanox Oral Solution, has received FDA approval for treatment of infections caused by fungus, which can invade any part of the body including the lungs, mouth, throat, toenails, or fingernails.
FDA has approved pimozide (Par Pharmaceutical), a generic of Orap, an antipsychotic medication used to suppress the motor and phonic tics associated with Tourette disorder.
Topical adapalene and benzoyl peroxide (Actavis Mid Atlantic), a generic of Epiduo, has been FDA approved to treat acne in adults and children who are at least 9 years old.
Clozapine orally disintegrating tablets (Mylan), a generic of Fazaclo ODT in 25-mg and 100-mg strengths, has received FDA approval. The antipsychotic medication is used to treat severe schizophrenia or to reduce the risk of suicidal behavior in people with schizophrenia or similar disorders.
Clozapine is available only from a certified pharmacy under a special program. Patients must be registered in the program and agree to undergo frequent blood tests.
FDA approved fluvastatin (Mylan), a generic of Lescol XL used to treat high cholesterol in adults and children who are at least 10 years old. The statin reduces levels of “bad” cholesterol (LDL) and triglycerides in the blood, while increasing levels of “good” cholesterol (HDL).
