
FDA approved dupilumab injection (Dupixent—Regeneron) to treat adults with moderate to severe eczema that is not controlled adequately by topical therapies or those for whom topical therapies are not advisable. Dupilumab can be used with or without topical corticosteroids.
The agent is an antibody that binds to a protein that causes inflammation, thereby inhibiting the inflammatory response that plays a role in the development of atopic dermatitis.
Adverse effects include serious allergic reactions and eye problems, such as conjunctivitis and inflammation of the cornea. If patients experience new or worsening eye symptoms, such as redness, itching, pain, or visual changes, they should consult a health care provider. The most common adverse effects are injection site reactions; cold sores in the mouth or on the lips; and eye and eyelid inflammation, including redness, swelling, and itching.
The agent’s safety and efficacy have not been established for treatment of asthma. Patients who also have asthma should not adjust or stop their asthma treatment without talking to their health care provider.
Avelumab (Bavencio—EMD Serono) received accelerated FDA approval to treat adults and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), including those who have not received prior chemotherapy. This is the first FDA-approved treatment for metastatic MCC, a rare, aggressive form of skin cancer that has spread from the skin to other parts of the body.
According to the National Cancer Institute, approximately 1,600 people in the United States are diagnosed with MCC every year. While the majority of patients present with localized tumors that can be treated with surgical resection, approximately one-half will experience recurrence, and more than 30% will eventually develop metastatic disease.
Avelumab targets the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway. By blocking these interactions, the drug may help the body’s immune system attack cancer cells.
Common adverse effects include fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, diarrhea, nausea, infusion-related reactions, rash, decreased appetite, and peripheral edema.
The most common serious risks are immune-mediated: the body’s immune system attacks healthy cells or organs, such as the lungs, liver, colon, hormone-producing glands, and kidneys.
In addition, there is a risk of serious infusion-related reactions. Patients who experience severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions should stop using avelumab. Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take the medication because it may cause harm to a developing fetus or newborn baby.

Genentech announced FDA approval of ocrelizumab (Ocrevus—Genentech), the first and only medication for both relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS) and primary progressive multiple sclerosis (PPMS). The majority of people with multiple sclerosis have an RMS or PPMS form at diagnosis.
In two identical RMS Phase III studies (OPERA I and OPERA II), ocrelizumab demonstrated superior efficacy on the three major markers of disease activity by reducing relapses per year by nearly one-half, slowing the worsening of disability, and significantly reducing MRI lesions compared with high-dose interferon beta-1a (Rebif) over the 2-year controlled treatment period, according to Genentech. A similar proportion of patients in the ocrelizumab group experienced a low rate of serious adverse events and serious infections compared with patients in the high-dose interferon beta-1a group in the RMS studies.
In a separate PPMS Phase III study (ORATORIO), ocrelizumab was the first and only treatment to significantly slow disability progression and reduce signs of disease activity in the brain (MRI lesions) compared with placebo, with a median follow-up of 3 years. A similar proportion of patients in the ocrelizumab group experienced adverse events and a low rate of serious adverse events compared with those in the placebo group in the PPMS study.
The most common adverse effects in all Phase III studies included infusion reactions and upper respiratory tract infections, which were mostly mild to moderate in severity.
In a March 28 news release, Genentech said that ocrelizumab will be available to patients in the United States within 2 weeks. For people who qualify, Genentech plans to offer patient assistance programs through Genentech Access Solutions. Information is available at 844-OCREVUS.

Safinamide tablets (Xadago—Newron Pharmaceuticals) have been FDA approved as an add-on treatment for patients with Parkinson disease who are currently taking levodopa/carbidopa and experiencing “off” episodes. During an “off” episode, a patient’s medications are not working well, causing an increase in Parkinson symptoms such as tremor and difficulty walking.

Certain patients should not take safinamide: those with severe liver problems; those who take dextromethorphan; those who use a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ([MAOI], because it may cause a sudden severe increase in blood pressure); and those who take an opioid drug, St. John’s wort, certain antidepressants (such as serotonin–norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, tricyclics, tetracyclics, and triazolopyridines), or cyclobenzaprine (because it may cause serotonin syndrome).
The most common adverse reactions observed in patients taking safinamide were uncontrolled involuntary movement, falls, nausea, and trouble sleeping or falling asleep.
Serious but less common risks include hypertension; serotonin syndrome when used with MAOIs, antidepressants, or opioid drugs; falling asleep during activities of daily living; hallucinations and psychotic behavior; problems with impulse control/compulsive behaviors; withdrawal-emergent fever and confusion; and retinal pathology.
FDA approved niraparib (Zejula—Tesaro) for maintenance treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer whose tumors have completely or partially shrunk (complete or partial response, respectively) in response to platinum-based chemotherapy.
Niraparib is a poly adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribose polymerase inhibitor that blocks an enzyme involved in repairing damaged DNA.
Niraparib is associated with serious risks, such as hypertension, severe increase in blood pressure, bone marrow problems, acute myeloid leukemia, and bone marrow suppression. Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take niraparib because it may cause harm to a developing fetus or newborn baby.
FDA granted this application fast track, priority review, and breakthrough therapy designations. Niraparib also received orphan drug designation specifically for its use in treating recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer. This designation provides incentives to assist and encourage drug development for rare diseases.
Allergan announced FDA approval to market Juvéderm Vollure XC, an injectable gel, for moderate to severe facial wrinkles and folds, such as nasolabial folds, in adults older than 21 years.
In a U.S. clinical trial, a majority (59%) of participants saw improvement in moderate to severe nasolabial folds for up to 18 months, with 82% of patients saying they were very satisfied at 6 months and 68% at 18 months.
The most common adverse effects include temporary injection site responses, such as swelling, tenderness, bruising, firmness, lumps/bumps, redness, pain, discoloration, and itching. Most of these adverse effects resolved within 1 week.
The gel became available in April 2017.
Teva announced FDA approval of deutetrabenazine tablets for the treatment of chorea associated with Huntington disease (HD). Previously referred to by the developmental name SD-809, deutetrabenazine is the first deuterated product approved by FDA and only the second product approved for HD. The product was previously granted orphan drug designation by FDA.
A rare and fatal neurodegenerative disorder, HD affects more than 35,000 people in the United States. Chorea—involuntary, random and sudden, twisting and/or writhing movements—is one of the most striking physical manifestations of this disease and occurs in approximately 90% of patients.
Teva’s Shared Solutions is a free service to provide support to patients starting or taking deutetrabenazine; call 800-887-8100.
Deutetrabenazine was expected to become available in the United States in late April.
