
Crisaborole (Eucrisa—Anacor Pharmaceuticals) ointment to treat mild to moderate eczema (atopic dermatitis) in patients 2 years of age and older has received FDA approval. Eucrisa, applied topically twice daily, is a phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE-4) inhibitor, although its specific mechanism of action in atopic dermatitis is not known.

FDA approved empagliflozin and metformin hydrochloride extended-release (Synjardy® XR—Boehringer Ingelheim, Eli Lilly) tablets for adults with type 2 diabetes. Synjardy® XR is a combination of two diabetes medicines—empagliflozin and metformin—to help control blood glucose in adults with type 2 diabetes. According to the manufacturers, Synjardy® XR can lower blood sugar in adults with type 2 diabetes, when used along with diet and exercise. Synjardy® XR is not for the treatment of type 1 diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis.
Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, announced that FDA has approved Avastin® (bevacizumab), either in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel or in combination with carboplatin and gemcitabine chemotherapy, followed by Avastin alone, for the treatment of patients with platinum-sensitive recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer. Women are said to have a ‘platinum-sensitive’ form of the disease if a relapse occurs 6 months or longer following the last treatment with a platinum-based chemotherapy.
FDA approved a new indication for empagliflozin (Jardiance—Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals) to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death in adult patients with type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Jardiance was studied in a postmarket clinical trial of more than 7,000 patients with type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In the trial, Jardiance was shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death compared to a placebo when added to standard of care therapies for diabetes and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.

FDA approved generic sodium nitroprusside, marketed by Namigen, a generic of the blood pressure medication Nitropress (nitroprusside).
