
Sanofi and Regeneron announced FDA approval of sarilumab (Kevzara) to treat adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs), such as methotrexate (MTX).
The agent, a human monoclonal antibody, binds to the interleukin-6 receptor (IL-6R) and inhibits IL-6R-mediated signaling. It may be used as monotherapy or combined with MTX or other conventional DMARDs.
Recommended dosage is 200 mg once every 2 weeks, given as an S.C. injection that can be self-administered. The dosage can be reduced from 200 mg to 150 mg once every 2 weeks, as needed, to help manage certain lab abnormalities such as neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, and liver enzyme elevations.
Patients treated with sarilumab are at increased risk of developing serious infections that may lead to hospitalization or death. The most common adverse reactions observed in clinical trials were neutropenia, increased alanine aminotransferase, injection site erythema, upper respiratory infections, and urinary tract infections.

FDA approved the first generic versions of atomoxetine to treat attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric and adult patients.
Apotex, Teva, Aurobindo Pharma, and Glenmark gained approval to market atomoxetine in multiple strengths.
In the clinical trials for children and adolescents, the most common adverse effects reported were upset stomach, decreased appetite, nausea or vomiting, dizziness, tiredness, and mood swings.In the clinical trials for adults, the most common adverse effects reported were constipation, dry mouth, nausea, decreased appetite, dizziness, sexual adverse effects, and problems passing urine.
Atomoxetine must be dispensed with a patient Medication Guide that describes the drug’s uses and warnings. This medication has a boxed warning for the increased risk of suicidal ideation in children and adolescents. Patients taking this medication should be monitored appropriately and observed closely for clinical worsening, suicidality, and unusual changes in behavior, especially during the initial months of a course of drug therapy or at times of dose changes. Other important warnings include the risk of severe liver damage and potential for serious cardiovascular events.

FDA has approved ceritinib (Zykadia—Novartis) for patients with metastatic non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors are anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-positive, as detected by an FDA-approved test.
In April 2014, ceritinib received accelerated FDA approval for patients with ALK-positive metastatic NSCLC whose disease has progressed or who are intolerant to crizotinib.
The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 25% of patients in clinical trials) were diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, abdominal pain, decreased appetite, and cough.
The recommended ceritinib dose is 750 mg orally once daily, to be taken at least 1 hour before or at least 2 hours after a meal.
FDA granted accelerated approval in May for use of pembrolizumab (Keytruda—Merck) in patients whose cancers have a genetic biomarker referred to as microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR).This is the first time the agency has approved a cancer treatment on the basis of a common biomarker rather than a tumor’s original location in the body.
Pembrolizumab is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options. It is also indicated for patients with colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with certain chemotherapy drugs.
Also in May, FDA granted accelerated approval to pembrolizumab combined with pemetrexed and carboplatin to treat patients with previously untreated metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC.
Common adverse effects of pembrolizumab are fatigue, nausea, and constipation. In clinical trials, the agent was discontinued for adverse reactions in 10% of patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation was acute kidney injury.
Immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur, including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Depending on severity of the adverse reaction, pembrolizumab should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered when appropriate.
The recommended pembrolizumab dose and schedule for NSCLC is 200 mg as an I.V. infusion every 3 weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression.
Avelumab (Bavencio—EMD Serono) received accelerated FDA approval to treat patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant platinum-containing chemotherapy. The drug was approved in March 2017 for Merkel cell carcinoma.
The most common adverse reactions in clinical trials (occurring in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue, infusion-related reaction, musculoskeletal pain, nausea, decreased appetite, and urinary tract infection.
The most frequent serious adverse reactions, reported in 2% or more of patients, were urinary tract infection/urosepsis, abdominal pain, musculoskeletal pain, creatinine increased/renal failure, dehydration, hematuria/urinary tract hemorrhage, intestinal obstruction/small intestinal obstruction, and pyrexia.
Recommended dose of avelumab is 10 mg/kg as an I.V. infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen before the first four infusions of avelumab.
FDA expanded the approved use of subcutaneous (S.C.) tocilizumab (Subcutaneous Actemra—Hoffman La Roche) to treat adults with giant cell arteritis. This new indication provides the first FDA-approved therapy specific to this type of vasculitis.
Vasculitis causes the arteries to narrow or become irregular, impeding adequate blood flow. In giant cell arteritis, the vessels most involved are those of the head, especially the temporal arteries. For this reason, the disorder is sometimes called temporal arteritis. However, other blood vessels, including large ones like the aorta, can become inflamed in giant cell arteritis.
Standard treatment involves high doses of corticosteroids that are tapered over time.
Tocilizumab carries a boxed warning for serious infections. Patients who develop a serious infection should stop treatment until the infection is controlled. Live vaccines should be avoided during treatment, and tocilizumab should be used with caution in patients at increased risk of gastrointestinal perforation.
Hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylaxis and death, have occurred. Laboratory monitoring is recommended because of the potential consequences of treatment-related changes in neutrophils, platelets, lipids, and liver function tests.
S.C. tocilizumab was previously approved for treatment of moderately to severely active RA. In addition, I.V. tocilizumab was previously approved for treatment of moderately to severely active RA, systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis, and polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis. I.V. administration is not approved for giant cell arteritis.
FDA expanded the approved use of ivacaftor (Kalydeco—Vertex) for treating cystic fibrosis. The approval triples the number of rare gene mutations that the drug can now treat, expanding the indication from the treatment of 10 mutations to 33.
Available as tablets or oral granules taken two times a day with fat-containing food, ivacaftor helps the protein made by the CFTR gene function better and, as a result, improves lung function and other aspects of cystic fibrosis, including weight gain. If the patient’s genotype is unknown, an FDA-cleared cystic fibrosis mutation test should be used to detect the presence of a CFTR mutation, followed by verification with bidirectional sequencing when recommended by the mutation test instructions for use.
Common adverse effects include headache; upper respiratory tract infection, including sore throat, nasal or sinus congestion, or runny nose; abdominal pain; diarrhea; rash; nausea; and dizziness.
The agent is associated with risks that include elevated transaminases and pediatric cataracts. Coadministration with strong CYP3A inducers (e.g., rifampin, St. John’s wort) substantially decreases exposure of ivacaftor, which may diminish effectiveness and is therefore not recommended.
