
Edaravone (Radicava—MT Pharma America), the first new drug in 20 years for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, has received FDA approval.
In a 6-month clinical trial conducted in Japan, 137 participants were randomized to receive edaravone or placebo. Patients receiving edaravone declined less on a clinical assessment of daily functioning than did those receiving placebo.
Edaravone must be administered as an I.V. infusion by a health professional. The initial treatment cycle is daily dosing for 14 days, followed by a 14-day drug-free period. Subsequent treatment cycles consist of dosing on 10 of 14 days, followed by 14 days drug free.
The most common adverse reactions reported by clinical trial participants were bruising and gait disturbance.
Serious risks that require immediate medical care include hives, swelling, or shortness of breath and allergic reactions to sodium bisulfite, an ingredient that may cause life-threatening anaphylactic symptoms in people with sulfite sensitivity.
FDA approved valbenazine (Ingrezza—Neurocrine Biosciences), the first drug to treat adults with tardive dyskinesia.
Dose is 40 mg orally daily for 1 week, then the recommended dose of 80 mg daily. Continuation of 40 mg once daily may be considered for some patients.
Serious adverse effects are sleepiness and QT prolongation. Patients with congenital long QT syndrome or with abnormal heartbeats associated with a prolonged QT interval should avoid use. In addition, patients should not drive, operate heavy machinery, or do other potentially dangerous activities until knowing how the drug affects them.

FDA announced its fifth biosimilar approval, infliximab-abda (Renflexis—Samsung Bioepis), an I.V. infusion indicated for multiple indications: treatment of Crohn disease, ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis. Infliximab-abda is a tumor necrosis factor blocker biosimilar that is similar to infliximab (Remicade—Johnson & Johnson).
This is the second FDA approval for a biosimilar to infliximab (Remicade—Johnson & Johnson); the first was infliximab-dyyb (Inflectra—Pfizer and Celltrion). Though both infliximab-dyyb and infliximab-abda have been approved as biosimilars, they are not interchangeable.

Derliponase alfa (Brineura—BioMarin), the first treatment for late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 in symptomatic pediatric patients aged 3 years and older, has received FDA approval.
Recommended dose in pediatric patients aged 3 years and older is 300 mg, followed by an infusion of electrolytes. In addition, pretreatment with antihistamines with or without antipyretics or corticosteroids is recommended.
A health professional knowledgeable in intraventricular administration must administer the agent under sterile conditions. Because of the potential for hypersensitivity reactions and anaphylaxis, appropriate medical support should be readily available.
Common adverse reactions are fever, electrocardiogram abnormalities (including slow heart rate), hypersensitivity, decrease or increase in cerebrospinal fluid protein, vomiting, seizures, hematoma, headache, irritability, pleocytosis, device-related infection, jitteriness, and low blood pressure.
FDA approved midostaurin (Rydapt—Novartis) in combination with standard cytarabine and daunorubicin induction and cytarabine consolidation to treat newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in adult patients who are FLT3 mutation positive, as detected by a newly FDA-approved companion test, the LeukoStrat CDx FLT3 Mutation Assay (Invivoscribe Technologies).
Recommended dose in AML treatment is 50 mg twice daily with food on days 8 to 21 of each cycle of induction and consolidation chemotherapy, followed by 50 mg with food as a single agent for up to 12 months.
Midostaurin was also approved to treat aggressive systemic mastocytosis (SM), SM with associated hematological neoplasm, or mast cell leukemia. Recommended dose for these indications is 100 mg twice daily with food.
Common adverse reactions are febrile neutropenia, nausea, mucositis, vomiting, headache, petechiae, musculoskeletal pain, epistaxis, device-related infection, hyperglycemia, and upper respiratory tract infection.
In clinical trials, the most frequent serious adverse reaction was febrile neutropenia.
FDA granted accelerated approval to brigatinib (Alunbrig—Takeda) to treat patients with metastatic anaplastic lymphoma kinase–positive non–small cell lung cancer who have progressed on or are intolerant to crizotinib.
Recommended dosing regimen is 90 mg orally once daily for the first 7 days. If tolerated, dose can be increased to 180 mg orally once daily.
Common adverse reactions are nausea, diarrhea, fatigue, cough, and headache. Common serious adverse reactions are pneumonia and interstitial lung disease/pneumonitis.
Adverse reactions could include pneumonia, sudden death, dyspnea, respiratory failure, pulmonary embolism, bacterial meningitis, and urosepsis. Patients should be monitored for new or worsening respiratory symptoms, hypertension, bradycardia, visual symptoms, and elevations in amylase, lipase, blood glucose, and creatine phosphokinase.
Durvalumab (Imfinzi—AstraZeneca UK) received accelerated FDA approval to treat locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma in patients whose disease progresses during or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy.
FDA also approved the Ventana PD-L1 (SP263) Assay (Ventana Medical Systems) as a complementary diagnostic.
Recommended dose of durvalumab is 10 mg/kg administered as an I.V. infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.
Common adverse reactions include fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, constipation, decreased appetite, nausea, peripheral edema, and urinary tract infection. Infection and immune-related adverse events, such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, thyroid disease, adrenal insufficiency, and diabetes, were seen in clinical trials.

FDA granted accelerated approval to atezolizumab (Tecentriq—Genentech) to treat patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (mUC) who are not eligible for cisplatin chemotherapy.
The agent was previously approved for patients with locally advanced or mUC who have disease progression during or following any platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of receiving chemotherapy before or after surgery.
Possible serious adverse effects include pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, hormone gland problems (especially the pituitary, thyroid, adrenal glands, and pancreas), nervous system problems (neuropathy, meningitis, and encephalitis), eye inflammation, severe infections, and severe infusion reactions. It is not known if the agent is safe and effective in children.
Genentech offers patient assistance programs for patients who qualify; contact Genentech Access Solutions at 888-249-4918 for more information, or visit http://www.Genentech-Access.com.

Approval of buprenorphine and naloxone buccal film (Bunavail—BioDelivery Sciences International) now covers the induction phase of treatment for opioid dependence. The previous indication covered only the maintenance treatment phase.
Like other opioids, this product may produce dizzy spells in ambulatory individuals. Serious, life-threatening breathing problems, overdose, and death may occur if the product is taken via I.V. in combination with benzodiazepines, sedatives, tranquilizers, or alcohol.
Because buprenorphine and naloxone can be abused in a manner similar to other opioids, it should be used as part of a complete treatment plan for opioid dependence that includes counseling and psychosocial support.

Sanofi announced FDA approval of antithymocyte globulin (rabbit) (Thymoglobulin) for use with concomitant immunosuppression to prevent acute rejection in patients receiving a kidney transplant. The product was originally approved for treatment of renal transplant acute rejection.
The most frequent adverse reactions in clinical trials were leukopenia, hyperkalemia, urinary tract infection, and pyrexia.
Genentech received FDA approval for ranibizumab (Lucentis) injection 0.3 mg for monthly treatment of all forms of diabetic retinopathy.
The agent is a vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) inhibitor designed to bind to and inhibit VEGF-A, a protein believed to play a critical role in the formation and hyperpermeability of new blood vessels.
With this approval, ranibizumab becomes the first and only FDA-approved medication to treat diabetic retinopathy in people who have been diagnosed either with or without diabetic macular edema.
FDA has approved supplemental applications for sofosbuvir (Sovaldi—Gilead) and ledipasvir/sofosbuvir (Harvoni—Gilead) to treat six major strains of hepatitis C virus (HCV) in children aged 12 to 17 years.
These are the first direct-acting antiviral treatments approved for children and adolescents with HCV. They were previously approved to treat HCV in adults.
Sofosbuvir in combination with ribavirin is indicated for treatment of pediatric patients aged 12 years and older or weighing at least 77 lbs (35 kg) with genotype 2 or 3 HCV infection without cirrhosis or with mild cirrhosis.
Ledipasvir/sofosbuvir is indicated for treatment of pediatric patients aged 12 years and older or weighing at least 77 lbs (35 kg) with HCV genotype 1, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with mild cirrhosis.
In clinical trials, fatigue and headache were the most common adverse reactions.
Hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation resulting in serious liver problems or death has been reported in HCV/HBV co-infected adult patients who were undergoing or had completed treatment with HCV direct-acting antivirals and who were not receiving HBV antiviral therapy.
Health providers should screen all patients for current or prior HBV infection before starting treatment with sofosbuvir or ledipasvir/sofosbuvir.
FDA expanded the approved use of regorafinib (Stivarga—Bayer) to include treatment of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC or liver cancer) who have been previously treated with sorafenib (Nexavar—Bayer).
Regorafinib is the first FDA-approved treatment for a liver cancer in almost a decade. The agent is also approved to treat colorectal cancer and gastrointestinal stromal tumors that are no longer responding to previous treatments.
The kinase inhibitor blocks several enzymes that promote cancer growth, including enzymes in the VEGF pathway.
Common adverse effects are gastrointestinal and abdominal pain, hand–foot skin reaction, fatigue, diarrhea, decreased appetite, hypertension, infection, difficulty speaking, hyperbilirubinemia, fever, inflammation of the mucous membranes, weight loss, rash, and nausea.
Serious risks are hepatotoxicity, infections, hemorrhage, gastrointestinal perforation or fistula, dermatologic toxicity, hypertension, cardiac ischemia and infarction, temporary brain swelling, and wound healing complications.
Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take regorafinib because it may cause harm to a developing fetus or a newborn baby. Women and men who are taking regorafinib should use effective contraception during and for 2 months after taking the final dose.

Teva introduced atorvastatin calcium tablets, an AB-rated generic of Lipitor, in 10-, 20-, 40-, and 80-mg strengths. The drug reduces LDL and triglycerides while increasing HDL. It is indicated for use in patients aged 10 years and older.
