
Sofosbuvir/velpatasvir (Epclusa—Gilead Sciences), the first agent to treat all six major forms of hepatitis C virus (HCV), has received FDA approval. The fixed-dose combination tablet contains sofosbuvir (Solvadi—Gilead), a drug approved in 2013, and velpatasvir, a new drug. It is indicated for adult patients with chronic HCV both with and without cirrhosis. For patients with moderate to severe cirrhosis, sofosbuvir/velpatasvir is approved for use in combination with ribavirin.


The agent’s most common adverse effects include headache and fatigue. The regimen of the new agent combined with ribavirin is contraindicated in patients for whom ribavirin is contraindicated.
Sofosbuvir/velpatasvir carries a warning for patients and health care providers that serious slowing of the heart rate and cases requiring pacemaker intervention have been reported when amiodarone is used with sofosbuvir in combination with another HCV direct-acting antiviral. Coadministration of amiodarone with the new agent is not recommended. The label also warns against use with certain drugs that may reduce the amount of the agent in the blood and lead to reduced efficacy.

The Xpert Carba-R Assay (Cepheid) is the first FDA-approved infection control aid that tests specimens taken directly from patients for five different genetic markers associated with carbapenemase, the enzyme produced by carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CRE). CRE, which have been reported in almost all states, are usually resistant to many other antibiotics in addition to carbapenems, and several CRE outbreaks of these highly resistant bacteria have been reported. Some CRE bacteria have become resistant to almost all available antibiotics and present a significant public health threat. Carbapenem antibiotics are widely used in hospitals to treat severe infections.
Current methods to identify colonization with CRE or other resistant organisms rely on growing bacteria from fecal material in cultures, which are then subjected to antimicrobial susceptibility testing to determine in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Bacterial culture methods and susceptibility testing may take up to 4 days, and additional testing is also often required to confirm that carbapenemase is present.
The assay can be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. It does not detect the bacteria, carbapenemase activity, or other possible nonenzymatic causes of carbapenem resistance. In addition, it does not detect all types of carbapenemase genes, and it is important to recover bacteria for accurately tracking the spread of carbapenem resistance. Labs should continue to perform standard bacterial culture in conjunction with the assay as well as concomitant cultures to recover organisms for epidemiological typing, antimicrobial susceptibility testing, and confirmatory bacterial identification.

The first kit for preparation of gallium Ga 68 dotatate injection (Netspot—Advanced Accelerator Applications USA), a radioactive diagnostic agent for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging, has received FDA approval.
The radioactive probe helps locate somatostatin receptor–positive neuroendocrine tumors (NETs) in adult and pediatric patients. NETs are rare noncancerous or cancerous tumors that develop in the hormone-producing cells of the body’s neuroendocrine system. NETs have receptors for somatostatin, a hormone that regulates the endocrine system. Ga 68 dotatate, a positron emitting analogue of somatostatin, works by binding to such receptors.
Netspot is supplied as a sterile, single-dose kit for preparation of Ga 68 dotatate injection for I.V. use. The uptake of Ga 68 dotatate reflects the level of somatostatin receptor density in NETs. This uptake can also be seen in a variety of other tumor types or other pathologic conditions or might occur as a normal variant. Uptake of Ga 68 dotatate may need to be confirmed by histopathology or other assessments.
Netspot contributes to overall long-term cumulative radiation exposure, and patients should drink and urinate as often as possible during the first hours following administration to help reduce this risk. No serious adverse reactions have been identified.

FDA has approved nebivolol 5-mg/valsartan 80-mg tablets (Byvalson—Allergan), the first and only fixed-dose combination of a beta blocker and angiotensin II receptor blocker available in the United States for the treatment of hypertension.
Nebivolol is a beta-adrenergic receptor-blocking agent that is preferentially beta-1 selective up to and including the 10-mg dose and in extensive metabolizers. While nebivolol’s mechanism of action has not been definitively established, possible factors include vasodilation and decreased peripheral vascular resistance, reduced heart rate and myocardial contractility, suppression of renin, and reduced sympathetic activity.
Valsartan is an angiotensin II receptor blocker that blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the AT1 receptor in many tissues, such as vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal gland, thereby preventing its vasoconstrictor and aldosterone-secreting effects.
Allergan expects the new combination therapy to be available in the second half of 2016.

Lenvatinib (Lenvima—Eisai) has been FDA approved in combination with everolimus (Afinitor—Novartis) for treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma in patients who were previously treated with an antiangiogenic therapy.
The agent, a multiple receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, was approved for refractory differentiated thyroid cancer in the United States in February 2015 and has since been approved for thyroid cancer in more than 40 countries, including countries in Europe and in Japan, South Korea, and Canada.
The most common adverse events in clinical trials were diarrhea, decreased appetite, and fatigue.

Calcifediol modified-release capsules (Rayaldee—Opko Health), an oral vitamin D prohormone treatment for secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT), have been FDA approved for patients with stage 3 or 4 chronic kidney disease (CKD) and vitamin D insufficiency.
The modified-release formulation was designed to gradually and reliably raise serum total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (prohormone) concentrations to targeted levels (at least 30 ng/mL) while avoiding upregulation of cytochrome P450 24A1, an enzyme that interferes with the desired parathyroid hormone (PTH)–lowering effect. Gradual elevation of serum total 25-hydroxyvitamin D is intended to prevent excessive elevation of serum calcium and related vascular and renal calcification.
SHPT is a condition commonly associated with CKD in which the parathyroid glands secrete excessive amounts of PTH. SHPT arises as a result of vitamin D insufficiency or impaired kidney function that prevents sufficient production of vitamin D hormone to properly regulate calcium and phosphorus metabolism and PTH secretion. Prolonged elevation of blood PTH causes excessive calcium and phosphorus to be released from bone, leading to elevated serum calcium and phosphorus, softening of the bones, and calcification of vascular and renal tissues.
SHPT affects 40% to 60% of patients with moderate CKD and approximately 90% of patients with severe CKD.

A new combination agent, linagliptin and metformin hydrochloride extended-release (Jentadueto XR—Boehringer Ingelheim, Eli Lilly) tablets, has received FDA approval for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in adults. According to the manufacturers, the product offers adults with type 2 diabetes the convenience of a combination pill taken once a day to help lower blood glucose levels.

The Absorb GT1 Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold System ([BVS] Abbott Vascular) is a new treatment option for angioplasty candidates who would prefer an absorbable device rather than a permanent metallic coronary stent. The stent, which releases everolimus (Afinitor—Novartis) to limit the growth of scar tissue, is gradually absorbed by the body in approximately 3 years.
The stent is manufactured from poly(L-lactide), a biodegradable polymer similar to materials used in other types of absorbable medical devices, such as sutures. After absorption, only four very small platinum markers are embedded in the artery walls, which help cardiologists identify where the Absorb GT1 BVS was originally placed.
Possible adverse events include allergic reactions to materials in the device or medications used during the procedure, including everolimus; infection or irritation at the catheter insertion site; internal bleeding; development of abnormal connections between arteries and veins; embolism; or other coronary artery complications that may require medical intervention and could lead to death.
The device is contraindicated for patients with a known hypersensitivity or allergy to everolimus or materials used in the device, as well as patients who are not candidates for angioplasty, have sensitivity to contrast, or who cannot take long-term aspirin therapy along with other blood thinning medications.
The product combines 2.5 mg or 5 mg of linagliptin with 1,000 mg of metformin. Linagliptin, a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, works by increasing hormones that stimulate the pancreas to produce more insulin and the liver to produce less glucose.
Metformin, a commonly prescribed initial treatment for type 2 diabetes, lowers glucose production by the liver and its absorption in the intestine.
The combination agent is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes when treatment with both linagliptin and metformin is appropriate. It should not be used in patients with type 1 diabetes or to treat diabetic ketoacidosis and has not been studied in people with a history of pancreatitis.
In addition, the label carries a boxed warning for the risk of lactic acidosis.
The agent is the seventh new treatment from the Boehringer Ingelheim–Lilly Diabetes alliance to be FDA approved in the past 5 years.

FDA approved Dexcel Pharma’s lansoprazole delayed-release, orally disintegrating tablets for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease symptoms occurring 2 or more days per week, ulcers, and irritation of the esophagus in adults aged 18 years and older.
Espero Pharmaceuticals announced FDA approval of nitroglycerin sublingual powder (Gonitro) to prevent or provide acute relief of an attack of angina pectoris resulting from coronary artery disease.
With this approval, Gonitro is the first and only short-acting nitrate in a stabilized crystal granule form available in portable single-dose packets, each containing 400 mcg of nitroglycerin. Clinical data indicated that sublingual absorption of nitroglycerin is higher after administration of Gonitro compared with Espero’s nitroglycerin lingual spray (Nitrolingual Pumpspray), which was launched in 1997.
Espero expects Gonitro to be available in the second half of 2016.
