
FDA approved eteplirsen injection (Exondys 51—Sarepta Therapeutics), the first treatment for patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD). Eteplirsen is specifically indicated for patients who have a confirmed mutation of the dystrophin gene amenable to exon 51 skipping, which affects about 13% of the population with DMD.
FDA granted eteplirsen fast track designation, priority review, and orphan drug designation.
Accelerated approval was based on the surrogate endpoint of dystrophin increase in skeletal muscle observed in some patients treated with eteplirsen. Data demonstrated an increase in dystrophin production that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit in some patients with DMD who have a confirmed mutation of the dystrophin gene amenable to exon 51 skipping. A clinical benefit of eteplirsen, including improved motor function, has not been established.



The Merck Manual professional app, containing more than 1,000 photos and illustrations, includes topics covered in the professional version of the Merck Manual online medical reference at www.merckmanuals.com/professional.
Topics are written and regularly updated by more than 350 medical experts, and content is reviewed by an independent editorial board.
Once the app is downloaded, the offline content is stored on the device and is accessible without an Internet connection. When an Internet connection is available, the app offers additional features, such as
Drug reference information
Quizzes on medical disorders, symptoms, and treatments
Medical news covering the most current and important health issues
Editorials written by editorial board members and expert authors
Both the professional app and the consumer app, which has also been completely redesigned, do not contain ads or collect user data and are free of cost. The consumer version of the Merck Manual online medical reference is available at www.merckmanuals.com/home.
In making its approval decision, FDA considered the potential risks associated with the drug, the life-threatening and debilitating nature of the disease, and the lack of available therapy.
Under the accelerated approval provisions, FDA is requiring the manufacturer to conduct a clinical trial to confirm the drug’s clinical benefit. The required study is designed to assess whether eteplirsen improves motor function of DMD patients with a confirmed mutation of the dystrophin gene amenable to exon 51 skipping. If the trial fails to verify clinical benefit, FDA may initiate proceedings to withdraw approval.
In clinical trials, eteplirsen’s most common adverse effects were balance disorder and vomiting.

FDA approved a fixed-dose, once-daily combination of aspirin, an antiplatelet agent, and omeprazole, a proton pump inhibitor (Yosprala—Aralez Pharmaceuticals), for patients who require aspirin for secondary prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events and who are at risk of developing aspirin-associated gastric ulcers.
The new agent is designed to support both cardiovascular and gastroenterological protection for at-risk patients through the proprietary IntelliCOAT system, which is formulated to sequentially deliver immediate- release omeprazole (40 mg) followed by a delayed-release, enteric-coated aspirin core in either 81-mg or 325-mg dosage strengths.
The immediate- release omeprazole is designed to elevate the gastric pH into a gastroprotective zone. The enteric-coated aspirin dissolves after the pH has been elevated to greater than 5.5 (within the gastroprotective zone), thereby reducing stomach ulcer risk.

FDA has approved immune globulin (IG) subcutaneous (human), 20% solution under the trade name Cuvitru (Shire) for adult and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older who have primary immunodeficiency, a group of more than 300 genetic disorders in which part of the body’s immune system is missing or functions improperly. The disorders affect up to 6 million people worldwide.
Cuvitru is the only 20% subcutaneous IG treatment option without proline and with the ability to infuse up to 60 mL (12 g) per site and 60 mL per hour, per site as tolerated, resulting in fewer infusion sites and shorter infusion durations compared with other conventional subcutaneous IG treatments. Regardless of infusion rate or volume per site, Cuvitru was generally associated with a low incidence of local adverse and systemic reactions in the North American clinical study.
A boxed warning cautions that thrombosis may occur with immune globulin products, including Cuvitru. Risk factors may include advanced age, prolonged immobilization, hypercoagulable conditions, history of venous or arterial thrombosis, use of estrogens, indwelling vascular catheters, hyperviscosity, and cardiovascular risk factors.
For patients at risk of thrombosis, Cuvitru should be administered at the minimum dose and infusion rate practicable after adequate hydration. Patients should be monitored for signs and symptoms of thrombosis, and patients at risk of hyperviscosity assessed for blood viscosity.
Cuvitru is contraindicated in patients who have had an anaphylactic or severe systemic hypersensitivity reaction to the subcutaneous administration of human immune globulin and in IgA-deficient patients with antibodies against IgA and a history of hypersensitivity to human immune globulin treatment.
The most common adverse reactions observed in clinical trials (≥5% of patients) were local adverse reactions and systemic adverse reactions, including headache, nausea, fatigue, diarrhea, and vomiting.
