
FDA granted accelerated approval to olaratumab (Lartruvo—Eli Lilly) to treat adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma (STS), which are cancers that develop in muscles, fat, tendons, or other soft tissues.
Olaratumab is approved for use with the chemotherapy drug doxorubicin to treat patients with STS who cannot be cured with radiation or surgery and who have a type of STS for which an anthracycline is an appropriate treatment. It works by blocking platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor–alpha, which causes tumor growth.
Olaratumab has serious risks, including infusion-related reactions and embryo–fetal harm. Infusion-related reactions include low blood pressure, fever, chills, and rash. Common adverse effects include nausea, fatigue, neutropenia, musculoskeletal pain, mucositis, alopecia, vomiting, diarrhea, decreased appetite, abdominal pain, neuropathy, and headache.

Janssen Biotech announced FDA approval of ustekinumab (Stelara—Janssen Biotech) for moderately to severely active Crohn disease in adults aged 18 years or older. It is the first biologic therapy for Crohn disease targeting interleukin (IL)-12 and IL-23 cytokines, which play a key role in inflammatory and immune responses.
Treatment starts with a weight-based, one-time I.V. infusion induction dose of 260 mg (55 kg or less), 390 mg (more than 55–85 kg), or 520 mg (more than 85 kg) to help reduce symptoms, followed by 90-mg subcutaneous maintenance injections every 8 weeks to keep symptoms under control.
Janssen will work closely with payers, providers, and PBMs to ensure ustekinumab is broadly accessible and affordable for patients and that the cost for payers is competitive with currently available biologic therapies for Crohn disease. Janssen offers several patient support programs.

Medi-Dose/EPS announced TampAlert, a new tamper-evident cap for metric-only oral syringes that provides protection for oral medication.
Each cap contains a white syringe cap protected by a bright red, tamper-evident “breakaway” sleeve. Once attached to the syringe, the cap can be removed only when the outer sleeve is broken. These closures are suited for morphine and other oral anesthetics, controlled substances, and chemotherapy meds, according to the manufacturers.
For more information, call 800-523-8966, or e-mail info@medidose.com.


The MiniMed 670G hybrid closed looped system (Medtronic) is the first FDA-approved insulin delivery device intended to automatically monitor glucose levels and provide appropriate basal insulin doses in patients aged 14 years and older with type 1 diabetes.
Often referred to as an “artificial pancreas,” the system is intended to adjust insulin levels with little or no input from the user. It works by measuring glucose levels every 5 minutes and automatically administering or withholding insulin. It includes a sensor that attaches to the body to measure glucose levels under the skin, an insulin pump strapped to the body, and an infusion patch connected to the pump with a catheter that delivers insulin. While the device automatically adjusts insulin levels, users need to manually request insulin doses to counter carbohydrate (meal) consumption.
Approval was based on data from a clinical trial that included 123 participants with type 1 diabetes. The trial included an initial 2-week period in which the system’s hybrid closed loop was not used, followed by a 3-month study during which trial participants used the system’s hybrid closed loop feature as frequently as possible. Results of the study showed that the device is safe for use in people aged 14 years and older with type 1 diabetes. No serious adverse events, diabetic ketoacidosis, or severe hypoglycemia were reported.
Risks associated with use of the system may include hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia, as well as skin irritation or redness around the device’s infusion patch. This version of the device is unsafe for use in children aged 6 years or younger or in patients who require less than 8 units of insulin per day.
As part of this approval, FDA is requiring a postmarketing study to better understand how the device performs in real-world settings. Medtronic is currently performing clinical studies to evaluate the device’s safety and effectiveness in children with diabetes who are aged 7 to 13 years old.

FDA has approved the use of human papillomavirus 9-valent vaccine, recombinant (Gardasil-9—Merck Sharp & Dohme), to include a two-dose regimen for individuals aged 9 through 14 years.
The agency is requiring postmarketing studies for this indication.

FDA approved three new indications for canakinumab (Ilaris—Novartis): tumor necrosis factor receptor–associated periodic syndrome (TRAPS); hyperimmunoglobulin D syndrome (HIDS)/mevalonate kinase deficiency (MKD); and familial Mediterranean fever.
All three syndromes are hereditary diseases characterized by periodic attacks of fever and inflammation, as well as severe muscle pain. There are no previously approved therapies for TRAPS or HIDS/MKD.
The agent was previously approved for another periodic fever syndrome, cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes, and for active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Serious potential adverse effects include increased risk of serious infections, decreased ability to fight infections, and allergic reactions such as rash, itching and hives, difficulty breathing or swallowing, and dizziness or feeling faint.
Patients should not get live vaccines if receiving canakinumab or receive canakinumab if they are allergic to canakinumab or any of its ingredients.

FDA has modified the indication for erlotinib (Tarceva—Astellas Pharm) for treatment of non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) to limit use to patients whose tumors have specific epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations.
The labeling change applies to patients with NSCLC receiving maintenance or second or greater line treatment. These indications will be limited to patients whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 L858R substitution mutations as detected by an FDA-approved test.
The first-line indication previously was limited to patients with EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 substitution mutations.

Teva has launched abacavir and lamivudine tablets, a generic of Epzicom, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in combination with other antiretroviral agents. The tablets are available in 600-mg and 300-mg dosage strengths.
Underlying risk of coronary heart disease should be considered when prescribing antiretroviral therapies, including abacavir, and action taken to minimize all modifiable risk factors.


Common adverse reactions are drug hypersensitivity, insomnia, depression/depressed mood, headache/migraine, fatigue/malaise, dizziness/vertigo, nausea, and diarrhea.
