
FDA announced the approval of taliglucerase alfa (Elelyso—Pfizer) for long-term enzyme replacement therapy to treat type I (non-neuropathic) Gaucher disease. Taliglucerase alfa is an injectable product administered by a health professional every other week. Gaucher disease is a rare genetic disorder in which patients do not produce enough of the enzyme glu- cocerebrosidase. This deficiency causes lipids to collect in organs such as the spleen, liver, and kidneys. Individuals with Gaucher disease may suffer from liver or spleen damage, anemia, low blood platelet counts, and bone problems.
Approval was based on data from two clinical trials involving 56 patients with type 1 Gaucher disease. In the first trial, 31 adult patients treated with 30 U/kg or 60 U/kg taliglucerase alfa experienced a 29% and 40% reduction in spleen volume, respectively. In the second trial, 25 patients with type 1 Gaucher disease were switched from imiglucerase (Cerezyme— Genzyme) to taliglucerase alfa and were able to maintain spleen and liver volumes, blood platelet counts, and hemoglobin levels effectively over a 9-month evaluation period. The most common adverse events reported during clinical studies were infusion-related and allergic reactions.

Novo Nordisk announced FDA’s approval for the use of insulin detemir (Levemir) in children aged 2 to 5 years with type 1 diabetes. The product is now indicated for the management of type 1 diabetes in patients 2 years old through adulthood and for adult patients with type 2 diabetes.
Approval was based on data from a study involving 82 pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes. Insulin detemir was found to be equally efficacious compared with NPH insulin. Mean glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C) was similar between groups at baseline and after 1 year of therapy (insulin detemir 8.2% vs. NPH insulin 8.1% at baseline; 8.1% vs. 8.3% at 1 y).
In addition, patients in the insulin detemir group had a lower rate of hypo- glycemia compared with those taking NPH insulin (24 h: 50.6 vs. 78.3 epi- sodes/patient-y). No patients treated with insulin detemir experienced a severe hypoglycemic episode, compared with six reported episodes in three patients treated with NPH insulin.
FDA announced the approval of levo- floxacin to treat patients with plague and to reduce the risk of getting plague after exposure to Yersinia pestis, the bacterium that causes the disease. The agency noted that the three most common forms of the plague—bubonic, pneumonic, and septicemic plague—are extremely rare in most parts of the world, with 1,000 to 2,000 cases reported worldwide each year.
Approval of levofloxacin for this rare condition was granted under FDA’s Animal Efficacy Rule, which allows efficacy findings from adequate and well-controlled animal studies to be used in cases where it is not feasible or ethical to conduct trials in humans. An efficacy study was conducted in African green monkeys that were infected with the plague bacterium in a laboratory setting. Animals were randomly selected to receive a 10-day regimen of levofloxacin or placebo within 6 hours of the onset of fever after being infected. The primary endpoint was survival at the end of the study, and 17 monkeys (94%) treated with levofloxacin survived, compared with none in the placebo group.
FDA announced the approval of pazo- panib (Votrient—GlaxoSmithKline) for the management of soft tissue sarcoma in patients who have previously received chemotherapy. Soft tissue sarcoma is a rare cancer that occurs in about 10,000 cases annually in the United States. Pazo- panib exerts its mechanism of action by interfering with angiogenesis, thereby inhibiting the growth of new blood vessels needed for solid tumors to survive.
Approval was based on data from a placebo-controlled trial of 369 patients with advanced soft tissue sarcoma who had previously received chemotherapy. Patients randomly selected to receive pazopanib had a median progressionfree survival of 4.6 months, compared with 1.6 months for those who received the placebo.
The most common adverse events in the pazopanib group included fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, weight loss, high blood pressure, decreased appetite, vomiting, tumor and muscle pain, hair color changes, headache, a distorted sense of taste, shortness of breath, and skin discoloration. Pazopanib was originally approved by FDA for the treatment of advanced kidney cancer.

Meda announced FDA’s approval of a new nasal spray formulation for the relief of symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis in patients 12 years and older who require treatment with both azelastine and fluticasone (Dymista) for symptomatic relief. The nasal spray is administered twice daily in each nostril.
According to Meda, the efficacy and safety of azelastine/fluticasone has been documented in several studies involving more than 4,000 patients, including a long-term safety study with more than 600 patients. This combination provided a rapid and more complete symptomatic relief than standard treatment, according to study results. The product is expected to be available in the United States during the second half of 2012.
DigestiveCare announced that it has received FDA approval to market pancrelipase delayed-release capsules (Pertzye) for the treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency attributable to cystic fibrosis or other conditions. This pancreatic enzyme product contains bicarbonate-buffered, enteric-coated microspheres that minimize the destruction or inactivation of the enzymes in gastric acid. According to DigestiveCare, this new formulation was previously marketed for more than a decade under the trade name Pancrecarb MS-16.
Approval was based on data from a small, randomized, multicenter, doubleblind, placebo-controlled, crossover study conducted in patients aged 8 years to 43 years with exocrine pancreatic insufficiency attributable to cystic fibrosis. Among patients participating in the trial, the mean coefficient of fat absorption was 83% with pancrelipase delayed-release capsules, compared with 46% with placebo treatment (P < 0.001).
The delayed-release capsules come in two strengths, which contain the following ingredients: lipase 8,000 U, protease 28,750 U, and amylase 30,250 U; or lipase 16,000 U, protease 57,500 U, and amylase 60,500 U.

FDA announced that several generic manufacturers have received approval to market generic clopidogrel. The agency approved Dr. Reddy’s, Gate, Mylan, and Teva to market clopidogrel 300 mg and Apotex, Aurobindo, Mylan, Roxane, Sun, Teva, and Torrent for clopidogrel 75 mg. The tablets are a bioequivalent version of Plavix from Sanofi / Bristol-Myers Squibb.
In 2006, generic clopidogrel was briefly marketed by Apotex before a court order halted further production until resolution of a patent infringement case brought by Bristol- Myers Squibb. The court ruled that Bristol-Myers Squibb’s patent was valid and provided protection until November 2011. More recently, FDA extended the patent protection of clopidogrel by 6 months, and its exclusivity has recently expired.
Clopidogrel is indicated for patients with acute coronary syndrome and for those who have had a recent heart attack or recent stroke, or who have been diagnosed with peripheral arterial disease.
Dr. Reddy’s announced that it has launched generic OTC lansoprazole delayed-release capsules. The capsules are a bioequivalent version of Novartis Consumer Health’s Pre- vacid 24 HR capsules.
These new generic capsules will be marketed under store brand labels in the U.S. market and will be available as a 15-mg strength in 14-, 28-, and 42-count sizes. OTC lansoprazole capsules are indicated for the treatment of frequent heartburn, defined as heartburn occurring 2 or more days per week in adults 18 years and older.
