
A fixed combination of daunorubicin and cytarabine (Vyxeos—Jazz Pharmaceuticals) targets newly diagnosed therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia AML (t-AML) or AML with myelodysplasia-related changes (AML-MRC) in adult patients.
Daunorubicin/cytarabine has been associated with serious or fatal bleeding events. Daunorubicin has been associated with necrosis, in which the drug leaks into the skin and S.C. tissue from the I.V. infusion.
A boxed warning cautions against interchanging daunorubicin/cytarabine with other daunorubicin- and/or cytarabine-containing products.
Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take the new drug because it may harm a developing fetus or newborn baby.
Common adverse effects in clinical trials included hemorrhage, febrile neutropenia, rash, edema, nausea, mucositis, diarrhea, constipation, musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, abdominal pain, dyspnea, and headache.
Enasidenib (Idhifa—Celgene) treats relapsed or refractory AML in adult patients who have a specific mutation in the isocitrate dehydrogenase-2 (IDH2) gene as determined by a newly approved companion diagnostic, the RealTime IDH2 Assay (Abbott Laboratories).
A boxed warning cautions that differentiation syndrome can occur and can be fatal if not treated. Symptoms may include fever, difficulty breathing, acute respiratory distress, inflammation in the lungs, fluid around the lungs or heart, rapid weight gain, swelling, or liver, kidney, or multiorgan dysfunction.
At first sign of symptoms, patients should be treated with corticosteroids and monitored closely until symptoms are gone.
Common adverse effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, increased levels of bilirubin, and decreased appetite. Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take enasidenib because it may harm a developing fetus or newborn baby.
Neratinib (Nerlynx—Puma Biotechnology), an extended adjuvant treatment for early-stage, HER2-positive breast cancer, lowers the risk of recurrence in adult patients who have been previously treated with a regimen that includes trastuzumab.
Patients should be given loperamide for the first 56 days of treatment and as needed thereafter to help manage diarrhea. Additional antidiarrheals, fluids, and electrolytes should also be given as clinically indicated to help manage diarrhea.
Common adverse effects in clinical trials included diarrhea, nausea, abdominal pain, fatigue, vomiting, rash, swollen and sore mouth, decreased appetite, and muscle spasms.
Patients who experience severe adverse effects, including diarrhea or liver damage, should stop taking neratinib. Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take neratinib because it may cause harm to a developing fetus or newborn baby.

Glecaprevir/pibrentasvir (Mavyret—AbbVie) is the first 8-week treatment approved for all chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1–6 in adult patients without cirrhosis or with mild cirrhosis who have not been previously treated, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those on dialysis. It is also approved for adult patients with HCV genotype 1 infection who have been previously treated with an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor (but not both). Previously, the standard treatment length was 12 weeks or more.
The most common adverse reactions in clinical trials were headache, fatigue, and nausea. The agent is not recommended in patients with moderate cirrhosis and is contraindicated in patients with severe cirrhosis and those taking the drugs atazanavir and rifampin.
A fixed-dose combination tablet containing two previously approved drugs, sofosbuvir and velpatasvir, and a new drug, voxilaprevir, was approved under the trade name Vosevi (Gilead Sciences) to treat adults with HCV genotypes 1–6 without cirrhosis or with mild cirrhosis. It is the first approved treatment for patients who have been previously treated with the direct-acting antiviral (DAA) drug sofosbuvir or other drugs for HCV that inhibit the NS5A protein. Treatment recommendations differ depending on viral genotype and prior treatment history. The drug is contraindicated in patients taking rifampin.
Hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation has been reported in HCV/HBV-coinfected adult patients who were undergoing or had completed treatment with HCV DAAs and were not receiving HBV antiviral therapy. Patients should be screened for evidence of current or prior HBV infection before starting treatment with either Mavyret or Vosevi.

Belimumab (Benlysta—GlaxoSmithKline) is the first S.C. self-injection treatment option for patients with active, autoantibody-positive systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) who are receiving standard therapy. SLE is the most common form of lupus.
After training from their health care provider, patients will be able to administer the medicine as a once-weekly injection of 200 mg from either a single-dose prefilled syringe or from a single-dose autoinjector. This is the second formulation of belimumab to be granted approval for SLE, adding to the existing I.V. formulation approved in 2011.
Cycle Pharmaceuticals announced a tablet formulation of nitisinone (Nityr), an alternative to the nitisinone capsule that does not require refrigeration and can be stored at room temperature.
Nitisinone targets hereditary tyrosinemia type 1, an ultra-rare genetic disease that can cause hepatic, renal, and peripheral nerve damage. In most cases, the disease is fatal if left untreated.
Nitisinone tablets, available in 2-mg, 5-mg, and 10-mg strengths, can be administered with or without food. The drug is used in combination with dietary restriction of tyrosine and phenylalanine.

Nivolumab (Opdivo—Bristol-Myers Squibb) has a new indication for the treatment of mismatch repair deficient/microsatellite instability high metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) that has progressed following treatment with a fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan in patients aged 12 years and older.
Trials of nivolumab have not been conducted in pediatric patients. Efficacy for adolescent patients was extrapolated from the results in the respective adult population.
Common adverse reactions in clinical trials included fatigue, rash, musculoskeletal pain, pruritus, diarrhea, nausea, asthenia, cough, dyspnea, constipation, and decreased appetite.
Recommended nivolumab dose for this new indication is 240 mg every 2 weeks.
Ibrutinib (Imbruvica—Pharmacyclics), a kinase inhibitor, is now indicated for treatment of adult patients with chronic graft versus host disease (cGVHD) after failure of one or more treatments. It is the first FDA-approved therapy for cGVHD.
Common adverse effects include fatigue, bruising, diarrhea, low levels of blood platelets, muscle spasms, swelling and sores in the mouth, nausea, severe bleeding, anemia, and pneumonia.
Serious adverse effects include severe bleeding, infections, low levels of blood cells, atrial fibrillation, hypertension, new cancers, and metabolic abnormalities.
Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take ibrutinib because it may cause harm to a developing fetus or newborn baby.
Amgen’s newly approved indication for blinatumomab (Blincyto) for treatment of relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) in adults and children is the first FDA-approved CD19-directed CD3-bispecific T cell engager immunotherapy.
A boxed warning includes a caution about cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities. Blinatumomab is also under a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) program.
Common adverse events in clinical trials were pyrexia, infusion-related reaction, cough, cytokine release syndrome, tremor, and decreased immunoglobulins.
A new indication of panitumumab (Vectibix—Amgen) was approved for patients with wild-type RAS mCRC as first-line therapy in combination with folinic acid, fluorouracil, and oxaliplatin (FOLFOX). It was also approved as monotherapy following disease progression after treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan-containing chemotherapy.
Panitumumab is the first fully human monoclonal antiepidermal growth factor receptor antibody approved by FDA for this patient population.
As part of this new indication, FDA approved the first multigene, next-generation, sequencing-based companion diagnostic test to identify the RAS mutation status of a patient’s tumor.
In clinical trials, common adverse reactions of panitumumab as monotherapy included skin rash with variable presentations, paronychia, fatigue, nausea, and diarrhea.
The most common adverse reactions with panitumumab plus FOLFOX are diarrhea, stomatitis, mucosal inflammation, asthenia, paronychia, anorexia, hypomagnesemia, hypokalemia, rash, acneiform dermatitis, pruritus, and dry skin.
