
Vabomere (Rempex Pharmaceuticals) is the trade name of a new combination treatment for adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis caused by specific bacteria. The agent combines meropenem, an antibacterial, and vaborbactam, which inhibits certain types of resistance mechanisms used by bacteria.
Safety and efficacy were evaluated in a clinical trial that enrolled 545 adults with cUTI, including those with pyelonephritis. Common adverse reactions are headache, infusion site reactions, and diarrhea. The drug is associated with serious risks, including allergic reactions and seizures. It should not be used in patients with a history of anaphylaxis to beta-lactams.
Benznidazole (Rochagan, Radanil—Chemo Research), the first treatment approved in the United States for Chagas disease, is indicated for use in children aged 2–12 years.
Chagas disease, or American trypanosomiasis, is a parasitic infection caused by Trypanosoma cruzi. It can be transmitted through different routes, including contact with the feces of a certain insect, blood transfusions, or from a mother to her child during pregnancy. After years of infection, the disease can cause serious heart illness, and it also can affect swallowing and digestion.
While Chagas disease primarily affects people living in rural parts of Latin America, approximately 300,000 persons in the United States may also have the disease, according to recent estimates.
Safety and efficacy of benznidazole were established in two placebo-controlled clinical trials in pediatric patients aged 6–12 years. An additional study of the safety and pharmacokinetics of benznidazole in pediatric patients aged 2–12 years provided information for dosing recommendations down to 2 years of age.
Common adverse reactions are stomach pain, rash, decreased weight, headache, nausea, vomiting, abnormal white blood cell count, urticaria, pruritus, and decreased appetite.
Benznidazole is associated with serious risks, including serious skin reactions, nervous system effects, and bone marrow depression. Researchers caution that, based on findings from animal studies, benznidazole should not be used in pregnant women because it could cause fetal harm.

FDA approved tisagenlecleucel (Kymriah—Novartis) for pediatric and young adult patients (up to age 25 y) with B-cell precursor ALL that is refractory or in second or later relapse. It is the first gene therapy available in the United States, ushering in a new approach to treatment of cancer and other serious and life-threatening diseases, according to an FDA news release.
Tisagenlecleucel is a genetically modified autologous T-cell immunotherapy. Each dose is a customized treatment created using an individual patient’s own T cells, which are collected and sent to a manufacturing center, where they are genetically modified to include a new gene that contains a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that directs the T cells to target and kill leukemia cells that have a CD19 antigen on the surface. Once the cells are modified, they are infused back into the patient to kill the cancer cells.
The agent’s safety and efficacy were demonstrated in one multicenter clinical trial of 63 pediatric and young adult patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor ALL. The overall remission rate within 3 months of treatment was 83%.
Treatment with tisagenlecleucel may cause severe adverse effects. The label carries a boxed warning for neurological events and for cytokine release syndrome (CRS), which is a systemic response to the activation and proliferation of CAR T cells that causes high fever and influenza-like symptoms. Both CRS and neurological events can be life threatening. Other adverse effects include serious infections, low blood pressure, acute kidney injury, fever, and decreased oxygen. Most symptoms appear within 1 to 22 days following infusion.
Because the CD19 antigen is also present on normal B cells, and tisagenlecleucel will also destroy those normal B cells that produce antibodies, there may be an increased risk of infections for a prolonged period of time.
Tisagenlecleucel was approved with a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) because of the risk of CRS and neurological events.
FDA is requiring hospitals and their associated clinics that dispense tisagenlecleucel to be specially certified. As part of that certification, staff involved in prescribing, dispensing, or administering tisagenlecleucel must be trained to recognize and manage CRS and neurological events. In addition, the certified health care settings are required to have protocols in place to ensure that tisagenlecleucel is given to patients only after verifying that tocilizumab is available for immediate administration. The REMS program specifies that patients be informed of the signs and symptoms of CRS and neurological toxicities following infusion, as well as the importance of promptly returning to the treatment site if they develop fever or other adverse reactions after receiving treatment.
To further evaluate tisagenlecleucel’s long-term safety, Novartis is also required to conduct a postmarketing observational study.

Adalimumab-adbm (Cyltezo—Boehringer Ingelheim) is the second FDA-approved biosimilar of AbbVie’s Humira, joining Amgen’s adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), which was approved in September 2016.
The biosimilar comes in a prefilled syringe and is administered by S.C. injection (40 mg/0.8 mL) for the treatment of multiple chronic inflammatory diseases, including moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis, moderate to severe polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, active psoriatic arthritis, active ankylosing spondylitis, moderate to severe active adult Crohn disease, moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis, and moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Rabies immune globulin (human) (Kedrab—Kedrion Biopharma, Kamada) is indicated for passive, transient postexposure prophylaxis of rabies infection when given immediately after contact with a rabid or possibly rabid animal.
The human plasma–derived immune globulin should be administered concurrently with a full course of rabies vaccine.
Prior to its approval, health professionals had only two human rabies immune globulin therapy options from which to choose to prevent the onset of rabies in someone who may have been exposed to it.
The product will launch in the United States in early 2018.
Inotuzumab ozogamicin (Besponsa—Wyeth) is indicated for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
Approval was based on data from a randomized, open-label, international, multicenter study in 326 patients with Philadelphia chromosome-negative or Philadelphia chromosome-positive relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor ALL.
The most common adverse reactions in clinical trials were thrombocytopenia, neutropenia, infection, anemia, leukopenia, fatigue, hemorrhage, pyrexia, nausea, headache, febrile neutropenia, increased transaminases, abdominal pain, increased gamma-glutamyltransferase, and hyperbilirubinemia.
The most common adverse reactions reported as the reason for permanent discontinuation were infection, thrombocytopenia, hyperbilirubinemia, increased transaminases, and hemorrhage.
For the first cycle, the recommended dose for all patients is 1.8 mg/m2, administered as three divided doses on day 1 (0.8 mg/m2), day 8 (0.5 mg/m2), and day 15 (0.5 mg/m2). Recommended dosing for subsequent cycles depends on response to treatment.

Adamas Pharmaceuticals announced a new indication and dosage form for amantadine extended-release capsules (Gocovri). The high-dose 274-mg amantadine (equivalent to 340-mg amantadine HCl) treats dyskinesia in patients with Parkinson disease who are receiving levodopa-based therapy, with or without concomitant dopaminergic medications. Amantadine is the first and only FDA-approved medication for this indication.
The medication is taken once daily at bedtime to deliver consistently high levels of amantadine from the morning and throughout the day when dyskinesia occurs.
Approval was based on two Phase III controlled clinical trials of patients with Parkinson disease who had dyskinesia. The most commonly observed adverse reactions were hallucinations, dizziness, dry mouth, peripheral edema, constipation, fall, and orthostatic hypotension.
The new dosage form is expected to be available in January 2018.
A once-daily, fixed-dose, oral combination of allopurinol and lesinurad (Duzallo—Ironwood) treats hyperuricemia associated with gout in patients who have not achieved target serum uric acid levels with a medically appropriate daily dose of allopurinol alone. It is not recommended for treatment of asymptomatic hyperuricemia.
The drug combination in a single tablet addresses both of the underlying causes of hyperuricemia: overproduction and underexcretion of serum uric acid.
Efficacy and safety were demonstrated in two pivotal Phase III clinical trials that supported the lesinurad New Drug Application. The most common adverse reactions were headache, influenza, higher levels of blood creatinine, and heartburn. The agent comes with a boxed warning on the risk of acute renal failure.
The manufacturer expects the new formulation to be commercially available early in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Olaparib (Lynparza—Astra-Zeneca) has a new indication for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who are in a complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy.
With the addition of the new indication, FDA approved a tablet formulation of olaparib. Olaparib capsules were approved in 2014 for the treatment of patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA-mutated advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with three or more prior lines of chemotherapy.
Olaparib tablets and capsules are not interchangeable, and olaparib capsules are being phased out of the U.S. market. They will be available only through the Lynparza Specialty Pharmacy Network.
Approval for this indication was based on two randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multicenter trials including 295 patients with recurrent ovarian cancers who were in response to platinum-based therapy.
Common adverse reactions in clinical trials included anemia, nausea, fatigue (including asthenia), vomiting, nasopharyngitis, and diarrhea.
The most common laboratory abnormalities were decreases in hemoglobin, lymphocytes, leukocytes, absolute neutrophil count, and platelets; and increases in mean corpuscular volume and serum creatinine.
The recommended olaparib tablet dose for both maintenance therapy and later-line treatment is 300 mg (two 150-mg tablets) taken orally twice daily with or without food.
Spironolactone oral suspension, 25 mg/5mL (CaroSpir—CMP Pharma) is the first and only FDA-approved oral liquid dosage form of the potassium-sparing diuretic spironolactone. It is indicated for treatment of New York Heart Association Class III–IV heart failure and reduced ejection fraction to increase survival, manage edema, and reduce the need for hospitalization for heart failure. It is usually administered in conjunction with other therapies.
CaroSpir is also indicated for use as add-on therapy for hypertension, for treatment of adult patients whose blood pressure is not adequately controlled on other agents, and as part of comprehensive cardiovascular risk management.
Last, CaroSpir is indicated for management of edema in adult patients with cirrhosis when edema is not responsive to fluid and sodium restriction.
CaroSpir is contraindicated for patients with hyperkalemia, Addison disease, and concomitant use of eplerenone. In clinical trials, the most common adverse reaction was increased occurrence of gynecomastia in men.
