Trastuzumab-dkst (Ogivri—Mylan). This biosimilar to trastuzumab (Herceptin—Genentech) treats patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)–overexpressing breast or metastatic stomach cancer (gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma).
Like trastuzumab, trastuzumab-dkst contains a boxed warning alerting health professionals and patients to increased risks of cardiomyopathy, infusion reactions, pulmonary toxicity, and embryo-fetal toxicity.
Semaglutide injection (Ozempic—Novo Nordisk) 0.5 mg or 1 mg. As an adjunct to diet and exercise, this once-weekly glucagon-like peptide receptor agonist improves glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes.
It is administered once weekly on the same day each week and can be taken any time of the day, with or without meals.
Novo Nordisk expects to launch the new drug in early 2018.
Letermovir (Prevymis—Merck Sharp & Dohme). These once-daily tablets for oral use and injection for I.V. infusion prevent cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection and disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
Recommended dosage is 480 mg administered once daily, initiated as early as day 0 and up to day 28 after transplantation (before or after engraftment), and continued through day 100 after transplantation. If letermovir is coadministered with cyclosporine, the dosage of oral or I.V. drug is decreased to 240 mg once daily.

FDA granted fast-track approval to the first once-monthly injectable buprenorphine (Sublocade—Indivior) product to treat moderate to severe opioid use disorder (OUD) in adult patients who have initiated treatment with a transmucosal buprenorphine–containing product. It is indicated for patients who have been on a stable dose of buprenorphine treatment for a minimum of 7 days.
Buprenorphine for treatment of OUD was previously approved to administer as a tablet or film that dissolves in the mouth or as an implant.
The drug–device product combines buprenorphine and the Atrigel Delivery System in a prefilled syringe. It is injected by a health professional subcutaneously as a solution, and the delivery system forms a solid deposit, or depot, containing buprenorphine. After initial formation of the depot, buprenorphine is released by the breakdown of the depot.
Buprenorphine injection has a boxed warning about the risks of I.V. self-administration. It must be prescribed and dispensed as part of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy and will be provided to health professionals through a restricted program. It should be used as part of a complete treatment program that includes counseling and psychosocial support.
Letermovir is available as 240-mg and 480-mg tablets that may be administered with or without food and as 240-mg and 480-mg injection for I.V. infusion via a peripheral catheter or central venous line at a constant rate over 1 hour.
Emicizumab-kxwh (Hemlibra—Genentech). This first-in-class drug prevents or reduces the frequency of bleeding episodes in adult and pediatric patients with hemophilia A who have developed Factor VIII (FVIII) inhibitor antibodies.
The agent is a preventive treatment given weekly via S.C. injection. It works by bridging other factors in the blood to restore blood clotting for these patients.
A boxed warning alerts health professionals and patients that severe blood clots have been observed in patients who were also given a rescue treatment (activated prothrombin complex concentrate) to treat bleeds for 24 hours or more while taking this new agent.
Ixekizumab injection 80 mg/mL (Taltz—Eli Lilly). This injectable for treatment of active psoriatic arthritis in adults was first approved in March 2016 to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.
Ixekizumab injection may be administered alone or in combination with a conventional disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, such as methotrexate. It should not be used in patients with a previous serious hypersensitivity reaction, such as anaphylaxis, to ixekizumab or to any of the excipients.
The agent may increase the risk of infection. Other warnings and precautions include pretreatment evaluation for tuberculosis, hypersensitivity reactions, inflammatory bowel disease, and immunizations.
Sunitinib malate (Sutent—Pfizer). This agent is indicated for adjuvant treatment of adult patients at high risk of recurrent renal cell carcinoma (RCC) following nephrectomy.
The recommended dose of sunitinib malate for adjuvant treatment of RCC is 50 mg orally once daily, with or without food, 4 weeks on treatment followed by 2 weeks off, for nine 6-week cycles.
A boxed warning alerts health professionals and patients about the risk of hepatoxicity, which may result in liver failure or death.
Fulvestrant (Faslodex—AstraZeneca). Combined with abemaciclib (a CDK4/6 inhibitor), this agent treats hormone receptor–positive, HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer in women with disease progression after endocrine therapy.
The recommended dose of fulvestrant is 500 mg to be administered I.M. into the buttocks slowly (1–2 min/injection) as two 5-mL injections, one in each buttock, on days 1, 15, 29, and once monthly thereafter.
When used in combination with abemaciclib, the recommended dose of abemaciclib is 150 mg orally, twice daily. The agent may be taken with or without food.
Dasatinib (Sprycel—Bristol-Myers Squibb). This agent treats pediatric patients with Philadelphia chromosome–positive chronic myeloid leukemia in the chronic phase.
The recommended dose of dasatinib in pediatric patients is based on body weight (see prescribing information).
Sodium picosulfate and magnesium citrate (Clenpiq—Ferring Pharmaceuticals). This first ready-to-drink prescription colonoscopy prep for adults is a dual-acting combination of a stimulant laxative and an osmotic laxative for cleansing of the colon.
The cranberry-flavored solution is expected to become available in the first quarter of 2018.
Epinephrine injection (Auvi-Q—Kaléo Pharma). This new 0.1-mg dose of the first epinephrine auto-injector (EAI) treats life-threatening allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, in infants and small children weighing 16.5 to 33 pounds (7.5 to 15 kg) who are at risk for or have a history of serious allergic reactions.
The EAI has a shorter needle length and a lower dose of epinephrine than current FDA-approved 0.15-mg and 0.3-mg EAIs.
The EAI includes a voice prompt system that guides the user with step-by-step instructions through the delivery process. The needle automatically retracts following administration.
The lower-dose EAI is expected to be available in the first half of 2018.
Dolutegravir and rilpivirine (Juluca—ViiV Healthcare). This fixed-dose combination treats adults with HIV-1 infections whose virus is currently suppressed on a stable regimen for at least 6 months, with no history of treatment failure and no known substitutions associated with resistance to the individual components.
The agent is the first complete treatment regimen containing only two drugs instead of three or more drugs included in standard HIV treatment. It should not be given with other anti-HIV drugs and may have drug interactions with other commonly used medications.
Glycopyrrolate inhalation solution (Lonhala Magnair—Sunovion). This new dosage form (25 mcg twice daily) is for long-term maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema.
It is the first nebulized long-acting muscarinic antagonist approved for treatment of COPD in the United States. The technology is a virtually silent, portable, closed system nebulizer that is designed to deliver the drug in 2 to 3 minutes and allows patients to breathe normally while using the device.
Sunovion said it expects the product to be available in U.S. pharmacies in early 2018.


Two-dose vaccine prevents shingles in adults aged 50 years and older (page 19)
First medication with embedded ingestible sensor tracks adherence (page 20)
