
Biogen has launched nusinersen (Spinraza), the first FDA-approved drug to treat children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).
This rare and often fatal genetic disease causes weakness and muscle wasting resulting from the loss of lower motor neurons controlling movement. There is wide variability in age of onset, symptoms, and rate of progression.
Nusinersen is an injection administered into the fluid surrounding the spinal cord and is approved for use across the range of patients with SMA.
The most common adverse effects in clinical trials were upper respiratory infection, lower respiratory infection, and constipation.
Warnings and precautions include low blood platelet count and renal toxicity. Neurotoxicity was observed in animal studies.

FDA granted accelerated approval to rucaparib (Rubraca—Clovis Oncology) for treatment of patients with deleterious beast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA), mutation (germline and/or somatic)–associated advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with two or more chemotherapies.
The agency also approved a companion diagnostic, the FoundationFocus CDxBRCA test (Foundation Medicine), to identify patients with advanced ovarian cancer eligible for treatment with rucaparib. The test detects alterations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes in the tumor tissue of patients with ovarian cancer.
The recommended dose and schedule for rucaparib is 600 mg (two 300-mg tablets) taken orally twice daily with or without food.

FDA has approved an externally worn glucose sensor (Dexcom G5 Mobile Continuous Glucose Monitoring System—Dexcom) for management of diabetes in persons aged 2 years and older.
The device continuously measures glucose levels and displays the values every 5 minutes. In addition, the system reports trending information in real time for up to 7 days (the life of each sensor).
This approval expands the indications for the Dexcom G5 to allow for replacement of fingerstick blood glucose testing.
The device uses a small flexible metal wire (sensor) that is inserted just below the skin, where it generates a small electrical signal in response to the amount of glucose that is present. The signal is converted into a blood glucose reading and transmitted wirelessly every 5 minutes to a dedicated receiver and/or compatible mobile device (smart phone, tablet, etc.) for display to a user.
The system must be calibrated at least two times per day by testing a fingertip blood sample with a blood glucose meter. Interpretation of the results should be based on glucose trends and several sequential readings over time. The device also helps detect episodes of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapy adjustments.
Cautions include taking medications with acetaminophen (such as Tylenol), which may falsely raise the glucose readings while wearing the Dexcom G5. Level of inaccuracy depends on the amount of acetaminophen active in the body and is different for each person. Patients should not rely on continuous glucose monitoring data produced by the Dexcom G5 if they have recently taken acetaminophen.
The device is intended for single-patient use and requires a prescription.

A new extended-release (ER) and abuse-deterrent form of morphine sulfate (Arymo ER—Egalet) has been FDA approved to treat pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. The product is formulated with physicochemical properties expected to make abuse by injection difficult. However, abuse by I.V., I.N., and oral routes is still possible.
Another morphine sulfate ER tablets product, MorphaBond (Daiichi Sankyo), has market exclusivity until October 2, 2018, on the ability to claim it deters snorting.
Approved in three dosage strengths of 15 mg, 30 mg, and 60 mg, Arymo ER will be available in the United States in the first quarter of 2017, according to the manufacturer.

FDA has approved ranibizumab injection (Lucentis—Genentech), 0.5 mg, for treatment of myopic choroidal neovascularization (mCNV). Ranibizumab is the first FDA-approved antivascular endothelial growth factor therapy for mCNV.
Affecting an estimated 41,000 people in the United States, mCNV is a complication of pathologic myopia that often strikes adults in their prime and can lead to severe vision loss or blindness.
In addition to its approval for mCNV, ranibizumab is FDA approved for treatment of patients with wet age-related macular degeneration, macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, diabetic macular edema (DME), and diabetic retinopathy in people with DME.
Its safety and efficacy have been studied in more than 9,000 patients across 9 pivotal and 24 clinical trials, Genentech noted.

Teva announced FDA approval of lamotrigine extended-release tablets, 250 mg, an AB-rated generic of Lamictal.
Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic used alone or in combination with other medications to treat seizures in adults and children who are at least 2 years old, as well as for treatment of bipolar disorder.


Teva also announced approval of amantadine hydrochloride tablets, 100 mg, an AB-rated generic of Symmetrel, to treat and prevent influenza A in addition to parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
