Last year, FDA approved vismodegib (Erivedge—Genentech) for the treatment of adults with basal cell carcinoma (BCC). Vismodegib is a once-daily oral capsule that selectively inhibits abnormal signaling in the hedgehog pathway, an underlying molecular driver of BCC. The drug was specifically approved for patients whose cancer has spread to other parts of the body, has come back after surgery, or that their health care provider decides cannot be treated with surgery or radiation.

Approval of vismodegib offers new hope to patients with metastatic basal cell carcinoma.
Secukinumab appears to be a promising agent for the management of moderate-to- severe plaque psoriasis.
Approval was based on data from an international, single-arm, multicenter, two-cohort, open-label, Phase II study of 104 patients with advanced BCC, including locally advanced BCC (n = 71) and metastatic BCC (n = 33). Among the 96 evaluable patients, use of vismodegib resulted in an objective response rate in 43% of patients with locally advanced BCC and 30% of patients with metastatic BCC. Median duration of response was 7.6 months.
Vismodegib was approved with a boxed warning alerting patients and health professionals to the potential risk of death or severe birth defects if used during pregnancy. The most common adverse events with vismodegib therapy included muscle spasms, alopecia, change in how things taste or loss of taste, weight loss, tiredness, nausea, diarrhea, decreased appetite, constipation, vomiting, and joint aches. Vismodegib is distributed through specialty pharmacies.
A new topical treatment for actinic keratosis was also approved last year: ingenol mebutate (Picato—Leo) gel 0.015% and 0.05%. This is the first topical therapy for actinic keratosis that can used for as little as 2 or 3 days. The 0.015% gel is applied once daily on the face and scalp for 3 consecutive days, and the 0.05% gel is used once daily on the trunk and extremities for 2 consecutive days.
Approval was based on data from four Phase III trials involving more than 1,000 patients with actinic kerato- sis. A significantly greater proportion of those treated with ingenol mebutate compared with placebo had a complete clearance of actinic keratosis in the field of treatment. The most common adverse reactions with the gel were local skin reactions such as erythema, flaking, scaling, crusting, and swelling.
Pressure ulcers are a real concern in critical care patients, and interventions aimed at improving the healing of these ulcers are needed. In a small, single-center clinical trial in 40 critical- care patients published in the July 2012 issue of the American Journal of Critical Care, feeding formulas enriched with fish oils were associated with decreased progression of pressure ulcers and a decrease in blood concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP).
Miriam Theilla, RN, and colleagues randomized adult patients with Grade II or higher pressure ulcers to either a feeding formula enriched with fish oils and antioxidants or an isocaloric control formula; feeding was given either intravenously or enterally depending on patient tolerability. Fatty acids used in the feedings of the treatment group included eicosapentaenoic acid, doco- sahexaenoic acid, and linoleic acid. All patients received standard treatments for pressure ulcers, including hydrogel dressings, alginates, specialty absorp- tives, or composite dressings.
The investigators observed that the severity of pressure ulcers increased significantly in the control group compared with the treatment group as assessed by the Pressure Ulcer Scale for Healing (PUSH). Theilla and colleagues also observed significant decreases in CRP in the study group compared with controls. The authors concluded that their results suggest that “additions of fish oil to the nutritional regimen of critically ill patients in the ICU may slow the progression of pressure ulcers, as indicated by the PUSH score.” They also noted that because the slowing of progression was associated with a reduction in CPR levels, this suggested that “the effect was mediated by anti-inflammatory mechanisms.”
Hidradenitis suppurativa is a chronic skin disease associated with substantial morbidity that is often refractory to antibiotic or surgical treatments. Patients with this condition usually have painful nodules, foul-smelling abscesses, fistulas, and hypertrophic scars primarily in the axillary, groin, and inframammary areas. To date, there are no FDA-approved treatments to manage this condition. Recent results presented in the December 18, 2012, issue of Annals of Internal Medicine suggested that adalimumab (Humi- ra—Abbott) may be a good treatment option for patients with moderate to severe forms of hidradenitis suppurativa.
Alexa Kimball, MD, MPH, and colleagues conducted a Phase II, randomized, placebo-controlled, 16-week trial followed by an open-label 36-week period to evaluate the efficacy and safety of adalimumab in patients with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa. The researchers randomized a total of 154 adult patients in a 1:1:1 ratio to adalimumab 40 mg/wk, 40 mg every other week, or placebo for 16 weeks, followed by the use of adalimumab 40 mg every other week in all patients during the open-label period. If response was suboptimal, adalimumab was switched to weekly dosing.
At week 16, clinical response, defined as the proportion of patients achieving a Physician’s Global Assessment score of clear, minimal, or mild with at least a 2-grade improvement relative to baseline, was 17.6%, 9.6%, and 3.9% in patients treated with weekly adalimumab, every other week adalimumab, and placebo, respectively. The researchers also observed significantly greater improvements in patient-reported outcomes and pain in the weekly dosing group compared with placebo. During the open-label period, Kimball and colleagues observed a reduced response in patients switched from weekly to every other week adalimumab treatment.
The authors concluded that the results were promising. Further, currently ongoing Phase III trials—PIONEER I and II—will help establish multiyear efficacy and safety of once-weekly adalimumab for the treatment of this disease.
In late September, Novartis announced the release of new Phase II data showing that secukinumab (AIN457) significantly reduced the signs and symptoms of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis on the hands, feet, and nails when used every week for the first month of treatment, compared with placebo. Secukinumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody inhibiting interleukin-17A, a key proinflamma tory cytokine.
According to these data, secukinumab was nearly three times more effective than placebo at reducing moderate to severe plaque psoriasis on the hands and/or feet when given every week during the first month of treatment (54.3% vs. 19.2% of patients, respectively, P = 0.005), as measured by the Investigator’s Global Assessment. Patients also benefited if they received secukinumab once every 4 weeks, with 39.0% experiencing either “clear” or “minimal” psoriasis after 12 weeks of treatment. According to another analysis, these secukinumab treatment schedules also notably reduced the signs and symptoms of finger nail psoriasis compared with placebo.

“These encouraging results show that through its novel mode of action, AIN457 may significantly increase treatment success and improve the quality of life of patients suffering from moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis,” said John Hohneker, MD, Head of Development for Integrated Hospital Care for the Pharmaceuticals Division of Novartis. “We look forward to receiving the results of the larger-scale and longer-term Phase III studies, which are expected in 2013.”
According to new data presented at the 2012 American Society of Clinical Oncology Meeting, dabrafenib, an inves tigational orally bioavailable inhibitor of the BRAF protein, and trametinib, an investigational orally bioavailable inhibitor of the MEK protein, both showed significant benefits for patients with BRAF V600 mutation-positive advanced or metastatic melanoma. In the BREAK3 trial, patients receiving dab- rafenib had a 70% lower risk of disease progression or death compared with patients treated with chemotherapy (progression-free survival 5.1 mo vs. 2.7 mo, respectively). In the METRIC study, use of trametinib was associated with a 56% lower risk of disease progression or death compared with chemotherapy (median progressionfree survival 4.8 mo vs. 1.4 mo, respectively).
On February 1, GlaxoSmithKline announced the start of COMBI-AD, a Phase III study evaluating the combination of dabrafenib and trametinib as adjuvant therapy for melanoma. In this global study, researchers will investigate whether combining the two inves- tigational agents can delay or prevent the recurrence of melanoma in patients with Stage IIIa, IIIb, or IIIc BRAF V600E or V600K mutation-positive melanoma that has been completely removed by surgery. The study will also evaluate the safety profile of the dabrafenib-tra- metinib combination in this treatment setting.
Other dermatology topics of interest include the 2012 Infectious Diseases Society of America guidelines on the management of diabetic foot infections, published online in Clinical Infectious Diseases on June 15, 2012, and a recent review on the use of select herbal products for sun protection, published in the June 2012 issue of Alternative and Complentary Therapies.
New research on existing therapies and investigational agents has enhanced our understanding of the efficacy of treatments for select derma- tologic conditions. Clinicians with a good understanding of these data can more effectively educate patients with these conditions.
