■ FDA approved insulin glargine injection (Basaglar—Eli Lilly), a long-acting human insulin analog that improves glycemic control in adult and pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes and in adults with type 2 diabetes.
Dosing of insulin glargine should be individualized based on the patient’s needs. Insulin glargine injection is administered subcutaneously once daily at any time of day, but at the same time every day.
Insulin glargine should not be used during episodes of hypoglycemia or in patients with hypersensitivity to insulin glargine or one of its ingredients. Insulin glargine KwikPens must never be shared between patients, even if the needle is changed. Sharing poses a risk for transmission of blood-borne pathogens.
Because insulin glargine may cause hypoglycemia, which can be life-threatening, patients should be monitored more closely with changes to insulin dosage, coadministration of other glucose-lowering medications, meal pattern, and physical activity, and in patients with renal impairment or hepatic impairment orhypoglycemia unawareness.
Severe, life-threatening, generalized allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, or generalized skin reactions, angioedema, bronchospasm, hypotension, and shock, may occur with any insulin.
The most common adverse reactions associated with insulin glargine in clinical trials were hypoglycemia, allergic reactions, injection site reactions, pitting at the injection site (lipodystrophy), itching, rash, edema (fluid retention), and weight gain.

American Hospital Formulary Service (AHFS) Essentials: Derived from the more extensive and detailed AHFS Drug Information, the AHFS Essentials database offers health professionals concise yet comprehensive information on prescription and key OTC drugs in an easy-to-use, highly structured outline format. 1-year subscription, $75. http://bit.ly/1lTSuX1
BlackBag Medical Resources: Medical news, tools, and resources for health professionals across multiple specialties and therapeutic areas come in this handy app. Free. http://apple.vshare.com/647363773.html
Davis’s Drug Guide for Mobile + Web, 13th edition: Includes up-to-date drug monographs for thousands of trade name and generic drugs. Answer questions about dosing, administration, patient safety, and patient teaching. $49.95. http://bit.ly/1mq4qzR
■ Sugammadex injection (Bridion—Merck Sharp and Dohme) received FDA approval for reversing the effects of neuromuscular blockade induced by rocuronium bromide and vecuronium bromide, which are used during certain types of surgery in adults.
Rocuronium bromide and vecuronium bromide are neuromuscular blocking drugs that cause temporary paralysis by interfering with the transmission of nerve impulses to the muscle and are used to paralyze the vocal cords when patients require tracheal intubation. They can also be used to prevent patients from moving during surgery while they are receiving general anesthesia. Neuromuscular blocking drugs are also sometimes used to prevent the body from breathing automatically when a patient has to be placed on a ventilator.
Because of concerns about the nature and frequency of anaphylaxis (severe, potentially life-threatening allergic reaction) and hypersensitivity reactions reported in the clinical trials, sugammadex injection was further evaluated in a randomized, double-blind, parallelgroup, repeat-dose trial. Of the 299 participants treated with sugammadex injection, one person had an anaphylactic reaction. Clinicians should be aware of the possibility of a hypersensitivity reaction or anaphylaxis and should intervene as appropriate.
Cases of marked bradycardia (abnormally slow heart action), some of which have resulted in cardiac arrest, have been observed within minutes after the administration of sugammadex injection. Patients should be closely monitored for hemodynamic changes during and after reversal of neuromuscular blockade, and treatment with anticholinergic agents, such as atropine, should be administered if clinically significant bradycardia is observed.
The most common adverse reactions reported in clinical trials included vomiting, low blood pressure, pain, headache, and nausea. Doctors should also advise women using hormonal contraceptives that sugammadex injection may temporarily reduce the contraceptive effect, so they must use an alternate method of birth control for a period of time.
■ FDA approved alectinib (Alecensa—Genentech) to treat people with advanced anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose disease has worsened after treatment with crizotinib (Xalkori—Pfizer) or who could not tolerate treatment with that agent.
ALK gene mutations can occur in several different types of cancer cells, and they are present in about 5% of patients with NSCLC. In ALK-positive NSCLC metastatic patients, the brain is a common place for the disease to spread.
Alectinib is an oral medication that blocks the activity of the ALK protein, which may prevent NSCLC cells from growing and spreading.
Alectinib’s most common adverse effects are fatigue, constipation, edema, and muscle pain. Possible serious adverse effects include liver problems, severe or lifethreatening inflammation of the lungs, very slow heartbeats, and severe muscle problems. Treatment with alectinib may also cause sunburn when patients are exposed to sunlight.
■ Uridine triacetate (Vistogard—Wellstat Therapeutics) received FDA approval for the emergency treatment of adults and children who receive an overdose of the cancer treatments fluorouracil or capecitabine, or who develop certain severe or life-threatening toxicities within 4 days of receiving these treatments.
Fluorouracil (taken by infusion) and capecitabine (taken orally) are similar types of chemotherapy agents that have been used for decades to treat several types of cancer. While an overdose of either drug is rare, the effects are serious and can be fatal.
Uridine triacetate is an oral medication that blocks cell damage and cell death caused by fluorouracil chemotherapy. Patients should take uridine triacetate as soon as possible after an overdose (whether or not they have symptoms) or early onset (within 4 days) of severe or life-threatening toxicity. The patient’s health care provider will determine when he or she should return to the prescribed chemotherapy after treatment with uridine triacetate.
Uridine triacetate is not recommended for treating non-emergency adverse reactions associated with flourouracil or capecitabine because it may lessen the efficacy of these drugs. The safety and efficacy of uridine triacetate initiated more than 96 hours following the end of treatment with flourouracil or capecitabine have not been established.
The most common adverse effects of treatment with uridine triacetate are diarrhea, vomiting, and nausea.
■ FDA approved sebelipase alfa (Kanuma—Alexion Pharmaceuticals) as the first treatment for patients with a rare enzyme disorder known as lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency.
Patients with this deficiency (also known as Wolman disease and cholesteryl ester storage disease [CESD]) have little or no LAL enzyme activity, resulting in a buildup of fats within the cells of various tissues that can lead to liver and cardiovascular disease and other complications.
Wolman disease often presents during infancy (around 2 to 4 months of age) and is rapidly progressive, with patients rarely surviving beyond the first year of life. CESD is a milder, lateronset form of LAL deficiency that presents in early childhood or later, with patient life expectancy depending on the severity of the disease and associated complications. Wolman disease affects one to two infants per million births, and CESD affects 25 individuals per million births.
Treatment with sebelipase alfa is provided via I.V. infusion once weekly in patients with rapidly progressive LAL deficiency presenting in the first 6 months of life, and once every other week in all other patients.
Common adverse effects observed in patients treated with sebelipase alfa are diarrhea, vomiting, fever, rhinitis, anemia, cough, headache, constipation, and nausea.
■ Teva announced FDA approval of oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate lozenges, an opioid analgesic that is a generic of Actiq.
