■ In December, FDA approved von Willebrand factor, recombinant (Vonvendi—Baxalta U.S.), for use in adults 18 years of age and older who have von Willebrand disease (VWD). It is the first FDA-approved recombinant von Willebrand factor for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes in adults diagnosed with VWD.
VWD is the most common inherited bleeding disorder, affecting approximately 1% of the U.S. population. Men and women are equally affected by VWD, which is caused by a deficiency of or defect in von Willebrand factor, a protein that is critical for normal blood clotting.
Patients with VWD can develop severe bleeding from the nose, gums, and intestines, as well as into muscles and joints. Women with VWD may have heavy menstrual periods lasting longer than average and may experience excessive bleeding after childbirth.
Safety and efficacy were evaluated in two clinical trials of 69 adult participants with VWD. These trials demonstrated that von Willebrand factor was safe and effective for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes from a variety of different sites in the body. No safety concerns were identified in the trials. The most common adverse reaction observed was generalized pruritus.
■ FDA has approved two new indications for secukinumab (Cosentyx—Novartis): treatment of adult patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and active psoriatic arthritis (PsA). These lifelong, painful, and debilitating inflammatory diseases affect the joints and/or spine. If not treated effectively, both conditions can lead to irreversible joint and/or spinal bone damage caused by years of inflammation.
With these new approvals, secukinumab is now the first and only interleukin-17A antagonist approved for AS, as well as moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and PsA, which affects as many as 30% of patients with psoriasis. Secukinumab was approved for adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in January 2015.
Approvals for these new indications are based on efficacy and safety outcomes from two AS and two PsA placebocontrolled Phase III studies that included more than 1,500 adult patients with either AS or PsA. In the studies, secukinumab met the primary endpoints, achieving statistically significant improvements versus placebo in the signs and symptoms of AS and PsA.
■ Ciprofloxacin otic suspension (Otiprio—Otonomy Inc.) has received FDA approval for the treatment of pediatric patients with bilateral otitis media with effusion who are undergoing tympanostomy tube placement. The singledose, physician-administered antibacterial is the first product approved by FDA for this indication and will be available in the first quarter of 2016.
■ FDA approved the LifeVest wearable cardioverter defibrillator (Zoll Manufacturing Corp.) for children who are at risk for sudden cardiac arrest but are not candidates for an implantable defibrillator. This device is intended only for children who weigh at least 41 pounds and have a chest size of 26 inches or more, about the size of an average 8-year-old. The device was first approved in 2001 for patients aged 18 years and older. Later models of the device were approved for patients aged 18 years and older in 2002, 2006, and 2009.

Medi-Dose/EPS is marketing its Steri-Tamp I.V. seals, designed to protect I.V. bags, vials, and syringes from tampering and contamination. The seal’s medical-grade foil outer layer provides immediate visible evidence of a needle puncture. Removal of the outer layer leaves a printed “OPENED” warning on the container that immediately alerts practitioners that the medication has been accessed. Once removed, the seal can’t be reapplied. Vial seals are available in three colors and sizes: 13-mm red, 20-mm silver, and 28-mm blue. Bag seals are available in red, blue, and yellow with a “CHEMO” imprint and in a green belly-button style. In addition, red syringe seals provide tamper evidence for syringes and other medication packaging. All Steri-Tamp products are packaged in a USP <797>–compliant dispenser. For more information, visit www.MediDose.com, call 800-523-8966, or e-mail info@medidose.com.
Weighing less than 2 pounds, the device consists of two main components: an electrode belt and garment that surround the patient’s chest, and a monitor that the patient wears around his or her waist.
While many automated external defibrillators (which require a second person to operate them) have been cleared for use in children, LifeVest is the only one worn by the patient and monitors the heart continuously for abnormal, life-threatening arrhythmias. LifeVest responds automatically if it senses the need to deliver a shock, restoring a life-sustaining heartbeat.
■ The Integra Omnigraft Dermal Regeneration Matrix (Omnigraft—Integra LifeSciences) treats certain diabetic foot ulcers that last for longer than 6 weeks and do not involve exposure of the joint capsule, tendon, or bone, when used in conjunction with standard diabetic ulcer care.
Made of silicone, cow collagen, and shark cartilage, the device is placed over the ulcer and provides an environment for new skin and tissue to regenerate and heal the wound.
FDA first approved Integra Dermal Regeneration Template (which the company now also calls Omnigraft) in 1996 for the treatment of life-threatening burn injuries when the use of a patient’s own skin for a graft was not possible. In 2002, Integra Dermal Regeneration Template was approved for patients undergoing reconstructive surgery for burn scars when they cannot have skin grafts. Omnigraft’s new indication is based on a clinical study demonstrating that the matrix device improved ulcer healing compared with standard diabetic foot ulcer care, which includes cleaning and covering the wound with a surgical bandage and keeping weight off of the foot with the ulcer. In the study, 51% of patients treated with Omnigraft had healed ulcers after 16 weeks, compared with 32% of patients treated with standard diabetic foot ulcer care alone.
Adverse events observed in the clinical trial included infections, increased pain, swelling, nausea, and new or worsening ulcers.
Omnigraft should not be used in patients with allergies to bovine collagen or cartilage from any source because serious allergic reactions may occur. Omnigraft should also not be used on infected wounds.
■ Teikoku and Eagle Pharmaceuticals announced FDA approval of the first nonalcohol formulation of docetaxel injection for the treatment of breast cancer, non–small cell lung cancer, prostate cancer, gastric adenocarcinoma, and head and neck cancer.
The formulation requires no prior dilution with a diluent and is ready to add to the infusion solution. It is available as 20-mg/mL single-dose vials or 80 mg/4 mL or 160 mg/8 mL in multiple-dose vials.
The need for nonalcohol docetaxel gained visibility in June 2014 when FDA issued a Drug Safety Communication warning patients that docetaxel may cause symptoms of alcohol intoxication after treatment. Manufacturers of docetaxel formulations for domestic use were subsequently required to revise their product labels to warn about this risk.
Some U.S. hospitals and clinics require patients to wait 2 or more hours after treatment with docetaxel before they can be released. Eagle Pharmaceutical’s formulation of docetaxel was specifically developed to address these concerns.
■ Mebendazole (Emverm–Impaz), indicated for the treatment of Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm), Trichuris trichiura (whipworm), Ascaris lumbricoides (common roundworm), Ancylostoma duodenale (common hookworm), and Necator americanus (American hookworm) in single or mixed infections, has received FDA approval in 100-mg chewable tablets. The product, available in the second quarter of 2016, offers a 95% clinical cure rate in a single 100-mg dose.
■ FDA approved the Fenix Continence Restoration System (Torax Medical), a treatment option for fecal incontinence in patients who are not candidates for, or have previously failed, medical or other surgical options.
The product has three components: an implant, an anal sphincter sizing tool, and an introducer tool. The implant is a series of titanium beads with magnetic cores that are connected by titanium wires to form a ring shape. The attractive force of the magnetic beads augments the anal sphincter to minimize involuntary opening of the anal canal, reducing the likelihood of severe fecal incontinence. The implant device is offered in multiple sizes to accommodate variation in sphincter size. The sizing tool is used to associate the anal sphincter size to an appropriate implant. The introducer tool is used to guide the sizing tool and the implant into position.
After implantation, patients should not be exposed to a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) environment because it could interfere with the device’s magnetic strength and function.
