
FDA granted accelerated approval of obeticholic acid (Ocaliva—Intercept Pharmaceuticals) for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults with an inadequate response to UDCA or as a single therapy in adults unable to tolerate UDCA.
Obeticholic acid, given orally, binds to the farnesoid X receptor (FXR) in the nucleus of cells in the liver and intestine. FXR is a key regulator of bile acid metabolic pathways. Obeticholic acid increases bile flow from the liver and suppresses bile acid production in the liver, thus reducing the exposure of the liver to toxic levels of bile acids.
FDA’s approval was based on a reduction in the level of the biomarker alkaline phosphatase (ALP) as a surrogate endpoint that—based on multiple levels of evidence (mechanistic, clinical trial, epidemiologic)—could be relied on to be reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, including an improvement in transplant-free survival.
The most common adverse effects are severe itching of the skin, fatigue, abdominal pain and discomfort, joint pain, pain in the middle part of the throat, dizziness, and constipation. The agent should not be used in patients with complete biliary obstruction.

FDA has approved a vaccine for the prevention of cholera (Vaxchora—PaxVax Bermuda Ltd) caused by serogroup O1 in adults aged 18 to 64 years who are traveling to cholera-affected areas. Vaxchora is the only FDA-approved vaccine for the prevention of cholera.
The live, weakened vaccine is taken as a single oral liquid dose of approximately 3 fluid oz. at least 10 days before travel to a cholera-affected area.
The most common adverse reactions reported by vaccine participants in clinical trials were tiredness, headache, abdominal pain, nausea/vomiting, lack of appetite, and diarrhea.

The first buprenorphine implant (Probuphine—Titan Pharmaceuticals) has received FDA approval for maintenance treatment of opioid dependence. Consisting of four 1-inch-long rods that are implanted under the skin on the inside of the upper arm, the product provides a constant, low-level dose of buprenorphine for 6 months in patients who are already stable on low to moderate doses of other forms of buprenorphine. It should be used as part of a complete treatment program that includes counseling and psychosocial support.
Until this approval, buprenorphine for the treatment of opioid dependence was approved only as a tablet or a film placed under the tongue or on the inside of a person’s cheek until it dissolved.
Administering the product requires specific training because it must be surgically inserted and removed. Only a health care provider who has completed the training and become certified through the Probuphine Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program should insert and remove the implants. If further treatment is needed, new implants may be inserted in the opposite arm for one additional course of treatment. FDA is requiring postmarketing studies to establish the safety and feasibility of placing the implants for additional courses of treatment.
Safety and efficacy of were demonstrated in a randomized clinical trial of adults who met the clinical criteria for opioid dependence and were considered stable after prior buprenorphine treatment. Safety and efficacy have not been established in children or adolescents younger than 16 years. Clinical studies did not include participants older than 65 years.
Buprenorphine implant has a boxed warning stating that insertion and removal of implants are associated with the risk of implant migration, protrusion, expulsion, and nerve damage resulting from the procedure.
The implants contain a significant amount of drug that can be expelled or removed, resulting in the potential for accidental exposure or intentional misuse and abuse if the implant comes out of the skin. Patients should be seen during the first week after insertion, and a visit schedule of no less than once monthly is recommended for continued counseling and psychosocial support.
An improvement in survival, progression to cirrhosis, or other disease-related symptoms in patients being treated with obeticholic acid has not yet been established, although a confirmatory trial is ongoing.
FDA has approved a radioactive diagnostic agent (Axumin—Blue Earth Diagnostics) for injection. The agent is indicated for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging in men with suspected prostate cancer recurrence based on elevated prostate specific antigen (PSA) levels following prior treatment.
Two studies supported Axumin’s safety and efficacy for imaging prostate cancer in patients with recurrent disease.
Axumin is a radioactive drug that should be handled with appropriate safety measures to minimize radiation exposure to patients and health care providers during administration. Image interpretation errors can occur with Axumin PET imaging. A negative image does not rule out the presence of recurrent prostate cancer, and a positive image does not confirm the presence of recurrent prostate cancer. Clinical correlation, which may include histopathological evaluation of the suspected recurrence site, is recommended.
The most commonly reported adverse reactions to treatment are injection site pain, redness, and a metallic taste in the mouth.

Daclizumab (Zinbryta—Biogen) has received FDA approval for the treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS).
First approved in 1997 for prevention of renal transplant rejection, daclizumab is a long-acting injection that is self-administered by the patient monthly.
Effectiveness of daclizumab for this indication was shown in two clinical trials. One trial compared daclizumab and interferon beta-1a (Avonex—Biogen) in 1,841 participants who were studied for 144 weeks. Patients on daclizumab had fewer clinical relapses than patients taking interferon beta-1a. The second trial compared daclizumab with placebo and included 412 participants who were treated for 52 weeks. In that study, those receiving daclizumab had fewer relapses compared with those receiving placebo.
Because it has serious safety risks, including liver injury and immune conditions, daclizumab should generally be used only in patients who have had an inadequate response to two or more MS drugs.
Daclizumab has a boxed warning and is available only through a restricted distribution program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy. The boxed warning tells prescribers that the drug can cause severe liver injury, including life-threatening and fatal events. Health professionals should perform blood tests to monitor the patient’s liver function before the patient starts daclizumab, monthly before each dose, and for up to 6 months after the last dose.
The boxed warning also highlights other important risks of daclizumab treatment, including immune conditions, such as inflammation of the colon (noninfectious colitis), skin reactions, and enlargement of lymph nodes.
Additional highlighted warnings include hypersensitivity reactions (anaphylaxis or angioedema), increased risk of infections, and symptoms of depression and/or suicidal ideation.
The most common adverse reactions reported by patients receiving daclizumab in the clinical trial that compared it to interferon beta-1a include cold symptoms, upper respiratory tract infection, rash, influenza, dermatitis, throat pain, eczema, and enlargement of lymph nodes.
The most common adverse reactions reported by patients receiving daclizumab compared with placebo were depression, rash, and increased alanine aminotransferase.

Aurobindo Pharma received FDA approval for fenofibrate tablets in 48-mg and 145-mg strengths. The product is a generic of Tricor used to treat high levels of cholesterol and triglyceride in the blood.
Teva Pharmaceuticals announced FDA approval of fluvastatin sodium extended-release tablets, an AB-rated generic that is bioequivalent to Lescol XL, to lower high cholesterol and triglycerides in certain patients and to increase HDL cholesterol levels. It is used along with an appropriate diet.
