DMD is caused when a mutation in the DMD gene changes the DMD RNA so that it no longer codes for functional dystrophin protein. Eteplirsen exerts its mechanism of action by binding to exon 51 of dystrophin pre-mRNA, resulting in exclusion of this exon during mRNA processing in patients with genetic mutations that are amenable to exon 51 skipping. Exon skipping is intended to allow for production of an internally truncated dystrophin protein.


Approval was based on data from a small number of patients who had a confirmed mutation of the DMD gene that is amenable to exon 51 skipping. In study 1, 12 patients were randomized to receive weekly infusions of eteplirsen 30 mg/kg or 50 mg/kg (n = 8) or placebo (n= 4) for 24 weeks. This study was followed by an open-label extension (known as study 2) in which all patients from study 1 received open-label eteplirsen (30 mg/kg/wk or 50 mg/kg/wk) for up to 208 weeks. Unfortunately, data from study 1 showed that patients randomized to eteplirsen had no improvements in their 6-minute walk test compared with those given placebo. Similar disappointing results were observed in the open-label extension, with patients treated with eteplirsen failing to show a clinical benefit compared with an external control group. However, the average dystrophin protein level after 180 weeks of treatment with eteplirsen in study 2 was 0.93% of the dystrophin level in healthy participants.

Educate patients and caregivers that eteplirsen is administered via I.V. infusion and that dosages should be received repeatedly once weekly. If a dose is missed, it may be administered as soon as possible after the scheduled time. In addition, inform them about potential adverse effects, such as balance disorder, vomiting, and contact dermatitis.
Manufacturer: Sarepta
Drug class: Antisense oligonucleotide
Indication: Treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) in patients who have a confirmed mutation of the DMD gene that is amenable to exon 51 skipping.
Dosage: 30 mg/kg, given as an I.V. infusion over 35 to 60 minutes once weekly; the I.V. line should be flushed with 0.9% sodium chloride before and after infusion.
Of note: This agent has no contraindications or warnings or precautions listed in its label. The most common adverse events observed included balance disorder, vomiting, and contact dermatitis.
In study 3, 13 patients (mean age, 8.9 y) were treated with open-label eteplirsen 30 mg/kg/wk for 48 weeks and had a muscle biopsy to assess dystrophin levels at baseline and after 48 weeks of treatment. In the 12 patients with evaluable results, the pretreatment dystrophin level was 0.16% ± 0.12% of the dystrophin level in a healthy participant and was then increased to 0.44% ± 0.43% after 48 weeks of treatment (P < 0.05). This resulted in a median increase after 48 weeks of 0.1%. The most common adverse events observed included balance disorder, vomiting, and contact dermatitis.
