
FDA approved prasterone (Intrarosa—Endoceutics) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA) due to menopause.
It is the first FDA-approved product containing the active ingredient dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA).
Efficacy of prasterone, a once-daily vaginal insert, was established in two 12-week placebo-controlled clinical trials of 406 healthy postmenopausal women, aged 40 to 80 years, who identified moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse as their most bothersome symptom of VVA.
Women were randomly assigned to receive prasterone or a placebo vaginal insert. When compared with placebo, prasterone was shown to reduce severity of pain experienced during sexual intercourse.
Its safety was established in four 12-week placebo-controlled trials and one 52-week open-label trial. The most common adverse reactions were vaginal discharge and abnormal Pap smear.
Although DHEA is included in some dietary supplements, efficacy and safety of those products have not been established for diagnosing, curing, mitigating, treating, or preventing any disease.

Gilead Sciences announced FDA approval of tenofovir alafenamide ([TAF] Vemlidy—Gilead Sciences) 25 mg, a once-daily treatment for adults with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection with compensated liver disease.
TAF has a boxed warning on the risks of lactic acidosis/severe hepatomegaly with steatosis and posttreatment severe acute exacerbation of HBV.
Tenofovir alafenamide is a novel, targeted prodrug of tenofovir that has demonstrated antiviral efficacy similar to and at a dose less than one-tenth that of Gilead’s tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) 300 mg.
Data show that because TAF has greater plasma stability and more efficiently delivers tenofovir to hepatocytes compared with TDF, it can be given at a lower dose, resulting in less tenofovir in the bloodstream. As a result, TAF improved renal and bone laboratory safety parameters compared with TDF.
Approval was supported by 48-week data from two international Phase III studies (studies 108 and 110) among 1,298 treatment-naive and treatment-experienced adult patients with chronic HBV infection. Study 108 randomized and treated 425 HBeAg-negative patients with either TAF or TDF, and study 110 randomized and treated 873 HBeAg-positive patients with either TAF or TDF.
Both studies met their primary endpoint of noninferiority to TDF based on the percentage of patients with chronic HBV with plasma HBV DNA levels below 29 IU/mL at 48 weeks of therapy.
In an integrated analysis of both studies, patients receiving TAF demonstrated improvements in certain bone and renal laboratory parameters compared with those receiving TDF. Patients in the TAF arm also experienced numerically higher rates of normalization of blood serum alanine aminotransferase levels.
TAF and TDF were generally well tolerated by patients in both studies, and discontinuations due to adverse events were 1% and 1.2%, respectively.
The most commonly reported adverse events in both studies included headache, abdominal pain, fatigue, cough, nausea, and back pain and occurred at similar rates in patients receiving either agent.
Gilead’s U.S. Advancing Access patient support program provides information on access and reimbursement coverage options to patients in the United States. Gilead also offers copay assistance for eligible patients with private insurance.

FDA has approved doxylamine succinate and pyridoxine hydrogen chloride ([HCl] Bonjesta—Duchesnay), a fixed-dose combination product to treat pregnancy-related nausea and vomiting in women who do not respond to conservative management, in extended-release tablets in 100-count bottles.
Each tablet contains 20 mg of doxylamine succinate, an antihistamine, and 20 mg of pyridoxine HCl, a vitamin B6 analog. Approval was based on studies designed to detect possible teratogenicity.
No increased risk for congenital malformations has been reported on these studies. It has not been studied in women with hyperemesis gravidarum.
The drug should be taken on an empty stomach because food may delay onset of action.

Sanofi announced FDA approval of once-daily insulin glargine and lixisenatide injection (Soliqua 100 units/mL and 33 mcg/mL) in a single prefilled pen to treat adults whose type 2 diabetes is inadequately controlled on basal insulin (less than 60 units daily) or lixisenatide. Dosing covers 15 to 60 units of insulin glargine 100 units/mL and 5 to 20 mcg of lixisenatide using SoloStar technology.
The product combines insulin glargine 100 units/mL (Lantus) and lixisenatide, a GLP-1 receptor agonist, in a once-daily injection.
In a clinical study, patients treated with the combination agent experienced similar rates of documented hypoglycemia (≤70 mg/dL) compared with patients treated with insulin glargine. The most frequently reported adverse events included hypoglycemia, nausea, nasopharyngitis, diarrhea, and upper respiratory tract infection.
The product will be available in U.S. pharmacies in January 2017.

FDA has approved a once-daily combination of insulin degludec and liraglutide injection (Xultophy 100 units/mL and 3.6 mg/mL—Novo Nordisk), as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults whose type 2 diabetes is inadequately controlled (<50 units of basal insulin daily or ≤1.8 mg of liraglutide). The product is a new class of diabetes treatments that combine a basal insulin and a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist in a single, once-daily injection.
Approval was based on data from three clinical trials involving 1,393 adults with type 2 diabetes. Patients who were inadequately controlled on liraglutide or basal insulin therapy and switched to the new product saw significant reductions in glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C).
The most common adverse events seen included nasopharyngitis, headache, nausea, diarrhea, increased lipase, and upper respiratory tract infection.

Amgen announced FDA approval of an expanded use of etanercept (Enbrel—Amgen), making it the first and only systemic therapy to treat pediatric patients (aged 4–17 y) with chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Approval was based on results from a Phase III 1-year study and its 5-year open-label extension study to evaluate etanercept’s safety and efficacy of in pediatric patients aged 4 years to 17 years who have chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
In addition to demonstrating significant efficacy, the study’s adverse events were similar to those seen in previous studies in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Etanercept is a soluble form of a tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor with a clinical efficacy and safety profile established over 15 years of collective clinical experience.
It was first approved in 1998 for moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis and in 1999 to treat moderate to severe polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, in 2002 to treat psoriatic arthritis, in 2003 to treat ankylosing spondylitis, and in 2004 to treat moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults. It is given by injection.

Teva announced FDA approval of olmesartan medoxomil, amlodipine, and hydrochlorothiazide tablets, an AB-rated generic of Tribenzor. The agent combines an angiotensin II receptor blocker, a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker, and a thiazide diuretic indicated for treatment of hypertension.
Also new from Teva are amlodipine and olmesartan medoxomil tablets, an AB-rated generic equivalent of Azor, consisting of a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker and angiotensin II receptor blocker for treatment of hypertension, alone or with other antihypertensive agents, to lower blood pressure.


Lowering blood pressure reduces the risk of fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular events, primarily strokes and myocardial infarctions. Many patients require more than one drug to achieve their blood pressure goals.
