
Cetuximab (Erbitux—Bristol-Myers Squibb, Lilly) is now approved for the treatment of metastatic head and neck cancer in combination with other chemotherapy. The decision was based on data from a multicenter study conducted in 442 patients with inoperable or widespread disease in which patients were randomized to cetuximab plus chemotherapy (cisplatin or carboplatin and 5-fluorouracil) or chemotherapy only.
The addition of cetuximab to chemotherapy was associated with significantly longer median overall survival times: 10.1 months in the chemotherapy plus cetuximab group versus 7.4 months in the chemotherapy-only group. In addition, use of cetuximab prolonged the median progression-free survival time from 3.3 to 5.6 months and increased the response rate from 20% to 36%. The most common grade 3 or 4 adverse events in both groups were anemia, neutropenia, and thrombocytopenia. Sepsis occurred in nine patients in the cetuximab group and one patient in the chemotherapy-only group.
Cetuximab was previously approved by FDA for certain types of colon cancer and for nonmetastatic head and neck cancer in combination with radiation therapy or as a single agent following standard treatment.

A new oral contraceptive containing levonorgestrel and ethinyl estradiol (Myzilra—Endo, Qualitest) has been approved by FDA. This is a 28-day tripha-sic regimen that contains levonorgestrel and ethinyl estradiol tablets in three dosage-strength combinations: 0.05 mg/0.03 mg, 0.075 mg/0.04 mg, 0.125 mg/0.03 mg.
A sublingual formulation of zolpidem (Intermezzo—Transcept Pharmaceuticals) has been approved by FDA for treatment of insomnia when middle-of- the-night awakening is followed by difficulty returning to sleep. This is the first prescription sleep medication indicated for dosing in the middle of the night. The drug should not be taken if the patient has less than 4 hours of expected sleep remaining.
This sublingual tablet is formulated with a bicarbonate-carbonate buffer. Dosing differs by sex; women clear Zolpidem from the body at a lower rate than men. The recommended dose for women is 1.75 mg and for men is 3.5 mg. The 1.75- mg dose is also recommended for patients older than 65 years.
Approval was based on data from two placebo-controlled studies—a sleep laboratory study and an outpatient study—involving more than 370 patients. Treatment with Zolpidem after a middle- of-the-night awakening helped patients return to sleep significantly faster than placebo. Headache, nausea, and fatigue were the most commonly reported adverse reactions in these studies.

Perrigo announced the final approval for its generic version of Reckitt Benckiser’s Mucinex tablets. The 600-mg guaifenesin extended-release tablets will be packaged under store and proprietary brands. Perrigo is working through litigation with the brand manufacturer but expects the product to ship in the second half of its fiscal year. Extended-release guaifenesin is an expectorant indicated to relieve chest congestion and make coughs more productive.
Mylan announced that it has received final approval from FDA for dexrazoxane for injection, a chemoprotective agent. This product is bioequivalent and AP-rated to Pharmacia & Upjohn’s Zin-ecard for Injection. Dexrazoxane will be packaged in 250-mg and 500-mg single- use vials. Dexrazoxane is indicated for reducing the incidence and severity of cardiomyopathy associated with doxorubicin administration in women with meta- static breast cancer.

The product labeling for dexlansopra-zole (Dexilant—Takeda) now contains data from a new study showing that this proton pump inhibitor does not interact with clopidogrel (Plavix—Bristol-Myers Squibb, sanofi-aventis). Specifically, data from a randomized, open-label, two- period, crossover study in healthy subjects showed that dexlansoprazole had no clinically important effect on exposure to the active metabolite of clopidogrel or on clopidogrel-induced platelet inhibition.
This is welcome news, given the multiple safety communications released by FDA in recent years regarding the interaction between clopidogrel and omeprazole. This new information is presented in the labels’ Drug Interactions and Clinical Pharmacology sections. No dose adjustment of clopidogrel is necessary when administered with an approved dose of dexlansoprazole, according to the Drug Interactions section.
