
Odactra (Merck, Sharp & Dohme), the first sublingual allergen to treat nasal inflammation induced by house dust mites, has received FDA approval for people aged 18–65 years.
The once-daily tablet, taken year-round, rapidly dissolves after it is placed under the tongue. The first dose is taken under the supervision of a physician with experience in diagnosis and treatment of allergic diseases. The patient is observed for at least 30 minutes for potential adverse reactions.
If the first dose is well tolerated, patients can then take Odactra at home. The agent should be prescribed with auto-injectable epinephrine.
Patients begin to experience a noticeable benefit after 8–14 weeks of daily dosing.
FDA approved ribociclib (Kisqali—Novartis), a cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 inhibitor, in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as initial endocrine-based therapy to treat postmenopausal women with hormone receptor–positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2–negative advanced breast cancer.
Recommended starting dose is 600 mg orally (three 200-mg tablets), taken once daily with or without food for 21 consecutive days, followed by 7 days off treatment.
The most common adverse reactions in clinical trials were neutropenia, nausea, fatigue, diarrhea, leukopenia, alopecia, vomiting, constipation, headache, and back pain. Ribociclib has been shown to prolong the QT interval in a concentration-dependent manner.
FDA has approved telotristat ethyl (Xermelo—Lexicon Pharmaceuticals) in combination with somatostatin analog (SSA) therapy for treatment of adults with carcinoid syndrome diarrhea that SSA therapy alone has inadequately controlled.
Carcinoid syndrome is a cluster of symptoms sometimes seen in people with carcinoid tumors that are most often found in the gastrointestinal tract. The tumors release excess amounts of serotonin, resulting in diarrhea.
In a regimen with SSA therapy, telotristat ethyl is approved in tablet form to be taken orally three times daily with food. It inhibits the production of serotonin by carcinoid tumors and reduces the frequency of carcinoid syndrome diarrhea.
The agent’s most common adverse effects include nausea, headache, increased levels of gamma-glutamyl transferase, depression, peripheral edema, flatulence, decreased appetite, and fever. Patients should be monitored for severe constipation.
Brodalumab (Siliq—Valeant Pharmaceuticals), administered as an injection, has been FDA approved to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The medication is intended for patients who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy and who do not respond or have stopped responding to other systemic therapies.
The agent binds to a protein that causes inflammation, inhibiting the inflammatory response that plays a role in the development of plaque psoriasis.
Because of the risk of suicidal ideation and behavior observed in clinical trials, including completed suicides, the labeling includes a boxed warning, and the drug is available only through a restricted program under a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy.
Most commonly reported adverse reactions are joint pain, headache, fatigue, diarrhea, throat pain, nausea, muscle pain, injection site reactions, influenza, low white blood cell count, and fungal infections.
Expensify. This app can scan receipts, automatically fill out information, and generate an official PDF file of users’ expenses. Free. https://www.expensify.com/
Aura. Users receive a 3-minute guided meditation session every morning and can track their mindfulness, energy levels, and mood patterns. The subscription service enables users to customize meditation sessions according to mood and stress level. Free + in-app purchase. https://www.aurahealth.io/

FDA has approved a new indication for lenalidomide (Revlimid—Celgene) as maintenance therapy for patients with multiple myeloma after autologous stem cell transplant.
Lenalidomide was previously approved for use with dexamethasone in patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy, with dexamethasone in patients newly diagnosed with multiple myeloma who are not eligible for autologous stem cell transplant, and for patients with myelodysplastic syndromes and mantle cell lymphoma.
Recommended dose and schedule for lenalidomide is 10 mg once daily continuously on days 1–28 of repeated 28-day cycles.
Adverse events observed in clinical trials were similar to those previously described in the product label, with neutropenia the most frequently reported. An increased incidence of second primary malignancies was reported among patients treated with lenalidomide compared with those receiving placebo.
Merck announced FDA approval of a new indication for pembrolizumab (Keytruda) for children and adults who have classical Hodgkin lymphoma that has resisted treatment or relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy.
The drug was previously approved for unresectable or metastatic melanoma, metastatic non–small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
The drug is administered intravenously for 30 minutes every 3 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, according to the revised label. Patients without disease progression can take it for up to 24 months.
The most common adverse events in clinical trials included fatigue, pyrexia, cough, musculoskeletal pain, diarrhea, and rash. Serious adverse events included pneumonia, pneumonitis, pyrexia, dyspnea, graft versus host disease, and herpes zoster. Fifteen percent of patients had an adverse reaction that required systemic corticosteroid therapy.
Desmopressin acetate nasal spray (Noctiva—Renaissance Lakewood, Serenity Pharmaceuticals) has been FDA approved for adults who awaken at least two times per night to urinate as a result of nocturnal polyuria. Although other FDA-approved medications contain desmopressin, this medication is the first approved to treat nocturia.
Nocturia can be caused by a wide variety of conditions, such as congestive heart failure, poorly controlled diabetes, medications, or diseases of the bladder or prostate. Patients should be evaluated for possible causes of nocturia and underlying conditions that may be contributing to night-time urination.
Desmopressin acetate, administered as a metered nasal spray in either nostril, is taken daily approximately 30 minutes before bedtime.
The agent is being approved with a boxed warning and a Medication Guide because it can cause low sodium levels in the blood.
The most common adverse effects in clinical trials included nasal discomfort, cold symptoms, nasal congestion, sneezing, high or increased blood pressure, back pain, nose bleeds, bronchitis, and dizziness.

FDA approved a liquid formulation of levothyroxinem sodium (Tirosint-SOL—IBSA International), a synthetic of the thyroid hormone thyroxine, to treat hypothyroidism and thyroid-stimulating hormone suppression in some thyroid cancers.
The oral solution provides an alternative to patients who cannot swallow or who are fed by tube and for children with hypothyroidism.
Levothyroxine absorption can be affected by gastritis, celiac disease, lactose intolerance, and intake of certain foods and medications. In clinical trials, medications such as antacids and proton pump inhibitors did not appear to interfere with levothyroxine absorption. In addition, the requirement of waiting 1 hour before eating may be avoided.

Teva announced FDA approval and launch of desvenlafaxine extended-release tablets, an AB-rated generic of Pristiq, in 25-, 50-, and 100-mg strengths. The serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor is indicated for treatment of major depressive disorder.
FDA has approved cefixime for oral suspension (Belcher Pharmaceuticals), 500 mg/5 mL, a generic of Suprax, a cephalosporin antibiotic used to treat many different types of infections.
Lupin has received FDA approval for sodium sulfate, potassium sulfate, and magnesium sulfate oral solution, a generic of Suprep Bowel Prep Kit, that is used in adults to clean the bowel before a colonoscopy.
Logilia (ulipristal acetate) tablets 30 mg, a Teva generic of the emergency contraceptive Ella, has been FDA approved. It should not be used as a regular form of daily, weekly, or monthly birth control or to terminate a pregnancy.
Because it can cause fetal harm or birth defects and pass into breast milk, the drug should not be used while pregnant or breastfeeding.
