Chronic hepatitis C is estimated to affect approximately 2.7 million to 3.9 million people in the United States and can result in substantial morbidity and mortality. Patients may suffer from cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, liver failure, and liver-related death. There are six genotypes of HCV (1 through 6), with genotype 1 being the most common subtype worldwide. In the United States, HCV genotype 1a is the most common (~60%), followed by genotype 1b (~20%) and genotypes 2 (~15%) and 3 (~5%).
The disease is transmitted primarily through exposure to infected blood, with I.V. drug use the most common route of transmission. Other risk factors for HCV infection include intranasal cocaine use, tattoos, piercings, and needle sticks in health care workers. Once individuals are exposed, approximately 80% will progress to chronic infection, with 10% to 20% developing cirrhosis over 2 to 3 decades.
Historic treatments for the disease were fraught with adverse events and high treatment-failure rates. These historic treatments were primarily interferon-based, which is associated with numerous adverse events such as myelosuppression, influenzalike symptoms, and neuropsychiatric events. These interferon-based regimens were generally prescribed with concurrent ribavirin therapy, which added additional adverse events to the regimen. Therefore, new treatments were needed, with a focus on interferon-free regimens.
In recent years, FDA has approved a multitude of oral, interferon-free regimens. These therapies are direct-acting antiviral regimens that inhibit the activity of one of three nonstructural proteins involved in HCV replication, classified as NS3/4A inhibitors, NS5A inhibitors, and NS5B inhibitors. Examples include Gilead’s sofosbuvir/ ledipasvir (Harvoni) and Janssen’s simeprevir (Olysio). The fixed-dose combination of ombitasvir, paritaprevir, and ritonavir was previously approved as part of AbbVie’s Viekira Pak, which is indicated to be used in combination with dasabuvir with or without ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1.
Advise patients to read the FDA-approved patient labeling and educate them on proper dosing and administration. In addition, inform patients about the potential for daclatasvir to interact with a multitude of drugs and not to start or stop any therapies without discussing these medication changes with their provider. The most common adverse reactions, such as headache and fatigue, should also be discussed with patients.
These regimens are generally better tolerated than historic interferon-based treatments, have shorter treatment durations, and result in better efficacy rates. These two current approvals offer additional options for patients who have less common forms of HCV, such as genotypes 3 and 4.
Manufacturer: Bristol-Myers Squibb
Drug class: Hepatitis C virus NS5A inhibitor
Indication: For use in combination with sofosbuvir for the treatment of HCV genotype 3 chronic infection
Dosage: 60 mg once daily, with or without food, in combination with sofosbuvir for 12 weeks
For patients with cirrhosis, the optimal duration of treatment is not known.
No dosage adjustments are recommended for patients with renal or hepatic impairment or for the management of adverse events.
Dosage modifications are needed if daclatasvir is taken with strong cytochrome (CYP)3A4 enzyme inhibitors (reduce to 30 mg once daily) or moderate CYP3A inducers (increase dose to 90 mg once daily).
Daclatasvir is contraindicated in those taking strong CYP3A inducers.
Of note: Virologic response may be lost if daclatasvir is taken with strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin), so these drug combinations are contraindicated. Providers should also be vigilant for other potential drug interactions with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors and moderate CYP3A4 inducers so dosage modifications can be made.
When coadministered with sofosbuvir and amiodarone, serious bradycardia may occur. Use of daclatasvir in combination with sofosbuvir in patients receiving amiodarone is not recommended. If this combination is given, cardiac monitoring is recommended.
Efficacy and safety of daclatasvir, given in combination with sofosbuvir, were evaluated in a Phase III trial known as the ALLY-3 study. This open-label trial included 152 patients with HCV genotype 3, with 101 treatment-naive patients and 51 treatment-experienced patients. Patients were treated with daclatasvir 60 mg/d plus sofosbuvir 400 mg/d for 12 weeks and monitored for 24 weeks posttreatment.
Results for the primary endpoint, which was sustained virologic response at week 12 (SVR12), showed that SVR12 was achieved in 98% of treatment-naive patients with no cirrhosis and in 58% of patients with cirrhosis. In treatment-experienced patients, the corresponding SVR12 rates for those with no cirrhosis and those with cirrhosis were 92% and 69%, respectively.
The most common adverse events observed with treatment were headache and fatigue, both occurring at a frequency of 14%.
Efficacy and safety of ombitasvir, paritaprevir, and ritonavir, given with or without ribavirin, were evaluated in the PEARL-I study, an open-label trial that included 135 patients with HCV genotype 4 without cirrhosis, with 86 treatment-naive patients and 49 treatment-experienced patients. Treatment-naive patients were randomized 1:1 to treatment with ombitasvir, paritaprevir, and ritonavir with ribavirin (n = 42) or without ribavirin (n = 44), and all treatment-experienced patients received the combination regimen with ribavirin (n = 49).
Treatment duration lasted 12 weeks, and the primary endpoint in this trial was the same as the ALLY-3 trial, SVR12. Results for the primary endpoint showed that SVR12 was achieved in 100% of treatment-naive patients who also received ribavirin and in 91% of patients who did not receive ribavirin. In treatment-experienced patients, the SVR12 rate was 100%. The most common adverse events observed with treatment were asthenia, fatigue, nausea, and insomnia, with rates being higher in patients given ribavirin concurrently compared with those not receiving ribavirin therapy.
In a news release by Bristol-Myers Squibb, David R. Nelson, MD, professor of medicine, molecular genetics and microbiology director, UF Clinical and Translational Science Institute, and assistant vice president of research for the University of Florida, stated, “The treatment landscape for HCV has radically evolved in recent years, and while we have achieved impressive SVR12 rates in genotype 1, genotype 3 still represents a clinical challenge. Not only are genotype 3 patients more complicated to manage, but the aggressive nature of their disease means there is a greater urgency to treat them. Daklinza in combination with sofosbuvir gives health care providers a new option to achieve a high overall SVR12 rate in this difficult-to-treat patient population.”
In a news release by AbbVie, Tarek Hassanein, MD, professor of medicine, University of California, San Diego School of Medicine, stated, “Physicians have previously had limited options when it comes to treating people living with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C. The approval of Technivie in combination with ribavirin is important for these patients who now have an approved all-oral, interferonfree treatment option that provides a high probability of a cure.”
Give patients the FDA-approved Medication Guide and educate them on proper dosing and administration. For missed doses, the combination tablet may be taken within 12 hours of the missed dose, but if more than 12 hours have passed, the dose should be skipped, and the patient should take the next dose at the regular time. Also educate patients on the potential for this therapy to interact with a multitude of drugs, on signs of adverse reactions such as liver inflammation (e.g., jaundice, discolored feces), and about more common adverse events such as fatigue, nausea, and insomnia.
Manufacturer: AbbVie
Drug class: Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5A inhibitor, a HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor, and a cytochrome (CYP)3A4 inhibitor.
Indication: To be used in combination with ribavirin for patients with hepatitis C genotype 4 chronic infection without cirrhosis.
Dosage: Two tablets (each tablet contains 12.5 mg ombitasvir, 75 mg paritaprevir, and 50 mg ritonavir), taken once daily in the morning with a meal without regard to fat or caloric content, with ribavirin for 12 weeks. The fixed-dose tablets are to be given with ribavirin; the recommended dose of ribavirin is 1,000 mg/d for patients weighing less than 75 kg and 1,200 mg/d for patients weighing at least 75 kg or more. Ribavirin is given twice daily with food.
No dosage adjustment is needed for patients with renal impairment or in those with mild hepatic impairment; use is not recommended in those with moderate hepatic impairment and contraindicated in those with severe hepatic impairment.
Of note: Contraindications to therapy include severe hepatic impairment, use with drugs that are highly dependent on CYP3A for clearance and elevated levels may result in serious adverse events, use with drugs that are moderate or strong CYP3A inducers, and in patients with known hypersensitivity to ritonavir.
Warnings and precautions for this combination include increased risk of liver enzyme elevations, all of the risks associated with use of ribavirin, the potential for drug interactions, and the risk of HIV-1 protease inhibitor drug resistance in those coinfected with HCV and HIV-1 because of the ritonavir component of the combination.
