■ FDA has approved brivaracetam (Briviact—UCB, Inc.) as an add-on treatment to other medications to treat partial-onset seizures in patients aged 16 years and older with epilepsy.
Brivaracetam’s effectiveness was studied in three clinical trials involving 1,550 participants. Taken along with other medications, the agent was shown to be effective in reducing the frequency of seizures.
The most common adverse effects reported in clinical trials included drowsiness, dizziness, fatigue, nausea, and vomiting.
Brivaracetam must be dispensed with a patient Medication Guide, which provides important information about the medication’s use and risks.
As is true for all drugs that treat epilepsy, the most serious risks include thoughts about suicide, attempts to commit suicide, feelings of agitation, new or worsening depression, aggression, and panic attacks. Rarely, patients may exhibit an allergic reaction associated with swelling of the lips, eyelids, or tongue with or without difficulty in breathing.
■ FDA has expanded the approval of nivolumab in combination with ipilimumab (Opdivo, Yervoy—Bristol-Myers Squibb) for the treatment of patients with BRAF V600 wild type and BRAF V600 mutation–positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma.
FDA also expanded the use of nivolumab as a single agent to include previously untreated BRAF mutation–positive advanced melanoma patients. Use of nivolumab as a single agent in patients with BRAF V600 mutation–positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma was approved under accelerated approval based on progression-free survival.

The Purple Book lists biological products, including any biosimilar and interchangeable biological products licensed by FDA under the Public Health Service Act (the PHS Act). The lists include the date a biological product was licensed under 351(a) of the PHS Act and whether FDA evaluated the biological product for reference product exclusivity under section 351(k) (7) of the PHS Act.
The Purple Book also enables a user to see whether a biological product licensed under section 351(k) of the PHS Act has been determined by FDA to be biosimilar to or interchangeable with a reference biological product (an already licensed FDA biological product). Biosimilar and interchangeable biological products licensed under section 351(k) of the PHS Act are listed under the reference product to which biosimilarity or interchangeability was demonstrated.
Separate lists for biological products regulated by the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research will be updated periodically.
■ FDA has approved palbociclib (Ibrance—Pfizer) in combination with fulvestrant (Faslodex—AstraZeneca) for the treatment of women with hormone receptor (HR)–positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)–negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following endocrine therapy.
In February 2015, FDA granted accelerated approval for palbociclib in combination with letrozole (Femara—Novartis) for the treatment of HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer as initial endocrine-based therapy in postmenopausal women.
Approval was based on demonstration of an improvement in progression-free survival in an international, randomized, double-blind, parallel group, multicenter study comparing palbociclib plus fulvestrant to placebo plus fulvestrant.
Women enrolled had HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression on or after prior adjuvant or metastatic endocrine therapy.
Safety data were evaluated in 345 patients who received palbociclib plus fulvestrant. The most common adverse reactions were neutropenia, leukopenia, infections, fatigue, nausea, anemia, stomatitis, headache, diarrhea, thrombocytopenia, constipation, vomiting, alopecia, rash, decreased appetite, and pyrexia.
The most frequently reported serious adverse reactions were infections, pyrexia, neutropenia, and pulmonary embolism.
Palbociclib 125 mg is administered daily for 21 consecutive days followed by 7 days off treatment in combination with fulvestrant. Fulvestrant 500 mg is administered intramuscularly on days 1, 15, 29, and once-monthly thereafter.
■ FDA has expanded the use of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir (Harvoni—Gilead) to treat patients with chronic hepatitis C who are in the advanced stage of cirrhosis, including those who have undergone liver transplant.
Patients with chronic hepatitis C often develop cirrhosis, which can lead to complications such as bleeding, jaundice, fluid accumulation in the abdomen, and liver cancer.
The once-daily tablet, used in combination with antiviral ribavirin, was also approved to treat gentotype 1 and 4 liver transplant recipients with compensated cirrhosis, a slightly less severe form of the condition.
■ FDA has approved methylphenidate as an extended-release, orally disintegrating tablet (Adzenys XR-ODT—Neos Therapeutics) for the treatment of ADHD in children aged 6 years and older.
Approval was based on data demonstrating that the drug is the bioequivalent of a previously approved mixed amphetamine salts extended-release capsule (Adderall XR—Shire), one of the most commonly prescribed medications for the treatment of ADHD.
The product will be available in six dosage strengths, equivalent to the Adderall XR dosage strengths, thus allowing health care providers to individualize the dose.
