
Venetoclax (Venclexta—AbbVie) has received FDA approval for the treatment of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) who have the 17p deletion chromosomal abnormality and who have been treated with at least one prior therapy. The agent is the first FDA-approved treatment that targets the B-cell lymphoma 2 protein, which supports cancer cell growth and is overexpressed in many patients with CLL.
The 17p deletion chromosomal abnormality occurs in approximately 10% of patients with untreated CLL and in approximately 20% of patients with relapsed CLL.
Efficacy of venetoclax was tested in a single-arm clinical trial of 106 patients with CLL who have a 17p deletion and who had received at least one prior therapy. Participants took venetoclax orally every day, beginning with 20 mg and increasing over a 5-week period to 400 mg. Results showed that 80% of participants experienced a complete or partial remission of their cancer.
The most common adverse effects included neutropenia, diarrhea, nausea, anemia, upper respiratory tract infection, thrombocytopenia, and fatigue.
Serious complications can include pneumonia, neutropenia with fever, fever, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, anemia, and metabolic abnormalities known as tumor lysis syndrome. Live attenuated vaccines should not be given to patients taking venetoclax.
FDA has approved a second biosimilar, infliximab-dyyb, (Inflectra—Celltrion), for multiple indications. It is biosimilar to Janssen Biotech’s infliximab (Remicade), approved for the treatment of Crohn disease and ulcerative colitis (adult and pediatric), rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, and chronic severe plaque psoriasis.

Change Talk: Childhood Obesity app and online module help health professionals use motivational interviewing techniques to navigate challenging family and patient conversations about childhood obesity. Users assume the role of a physician and engage in a conversation with a mother and her son. The goal is to overcome the family’s resistance to changing behavior and motivate them to develop positive action plans. Free. www.kognito.com/changetalk
Drugs & Bugs, developed by Monthly Prescribing Reference (MPR), includes a database of more than 300 anti-infective agents and 280 pathogens, with sections on scabies, lice, and fungal, malarial, and protozoal-parasitic infections. Users can search by pathogen, type of infection, drug class, and brand and generic drug name. The monographs are frequently updated and reviewed by MPR’s team of pharmacists and physicians. $5.99. http://amzn.to/1STT3IO
HealthClips Rx patient education app offers more than 400 health education videos, including several in Spanish, on topics such as wellness, heart disease, stroke, diabetes, pulmonology, new mom/new baby, hospital safety, and key topics for patient discharge. The videos average 3 minutes. Pharmacists can track their patients’ viewing progress and include annotations to encourage patient and provider collaboration. Free. http://bit.ly/1qfp4Ey
About Herbs contains information on herbs, vitamins, and nutritional supplements, including therapeutic uses, potential treatment interactions with both prescription and OTC medications, and contraindications. Created by Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and monitored by a pharmacist from its Integrative Medicine Service. Free. http://apple.co/1pZ9o8E
Approval of infliximab-dyyb was based on review of evidence that included structural and functional characterization, animal study data, human pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamics data, clinical immunogenicity data, and other clinical safety and effectiveness data that demonstrated infliximab-dyyb is biosimilar to infliximab. It has not been approved as an interchangeable product.
The most common expected adverse effects include respiratory infections such as sinus infections and sore throat, headache, coughing, and stomach pain. Infusion reactions, which can occur up to 2 hours after an infusion, may include fever, chills, chest pain, low or high blood pressure, shortness of breath, rash, and itching.
Infliximab-dyyb includes a boxed warning about an increased risk of serious infections leading to hospitalization or death, including tuberculosis, bacterial sepsis, invasive fungal infections (such as histoplasmosis), and others. The boxed warning also notes that lymphoma and other malignancies, some fatal, have been reported in children and adolescent patients treated with tumor necrosis factor–blockers, including infliximab products such as infliximab-dyyb.
Other serious adverse effects may include liver injury, blood problems, lupus-like syndrome, psoriasis, and in rare cases, nervous system disorders.
FDA approved obiltoxaximab injection (Anthim—Elusys Therapeutics) to treat inhalational anthrax in combination with appropriate antibacterial drugs and to prevent inhalational anthrax when alternative therapies are not available or not appropriate.
Obiltoxaximab is a monoclonal antibody that neutralizes toxins produced by Bacillus anthracis. It was approved under FDA’s Animal Rule, which allows efficacy findings from adequate and well-controlled animal studies to support FDA approval when it is not feasible or ethical to conduct efficacy trials in humans. Safety was evaluated in 320 healthy human volunteers.
The most frequently reported adverse effects were headache, itching, upper respiratory tract infections, cough, nasal congestion, and hives, as well as bruising, swelling, and pain at the infusion site.
Obiltoxaximab carries a boxed warning that it can cause allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, and should be administered in settings where patients can be monitored and treated for anaphylaxis. However, because anthrax is a very serious and often deadly condition, the drug’s benefit for treating anthrax is expected to outweigh this risk.

FDA expanded the approval of crizotinib (Xalkori—Pfizer) to treat patients with metastatic non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have an ROS-1 gene alteration. Crizotinib is the first and only FDA-approved treatment for patients with ROS-1–positive NSCLC.
The oral medication blocks activity of the ROS-1 protein in tumors that have ROS-1 gene alterations. This effect on ROS-1 may prevent NSCLC from growing and spreading.
The drug’s most common adverse effects are vision disorders, nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, edema, constipation, liver problems, fatigue, decreased appetite, upper respiratory infection, dizziness, and numbness or tingling in the hands or feet.
Serious adverse effects include liver problems, life-threatening or fatal inflammation of the lungs, abnormal heartbeats, and partial or complete loss of vision in one or both eyes.

Iroko Pharmaceuticals announced FDA approval of meloxicam (Vivlodex), the company’s third low-dose NSAID developed using SoluMatrix Fine Particle Technology.
These low-dose NSAIDs increase options for patients living with pain and align with recent FDA regulations that NSAIDs be administered at the lowest effective dose for the shortest duration.
In a 12-week study, meloxicam showed efficacy at low 5-mg and 10-mg doses in patients with osteoarthritis pain. These dose strengths are 33% lower than currently available oral meloxicam products.



Teva’s acamprosate calcium, a generic of Campral, has received FDA approval in 333-mg, delayed-release tablets for the maintenance of abstinence from alcohol in patients with alcohol dependence who are abstinent at treatment initiation.
Treatment helps maintain abstinence from alcohol when used as part of a treatment program that includes counseling and support.
