
Defibrotide sodium (Defitelio—Jazz Pharmaceuticals) has been FDA approved for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD), also known as sinusoidal obstructive syndrome, with renal or pulmonary dysfunction following hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation (HSCT).
Efficacy of defibrotide sodium was investigated in 528 patients treated in three studies: two prospective clinical trials and an expanded access study. The patients enrolled had a diagnosis of hepatic VOD with multiorgan dysfunction after transplantation. They received defibrotide sodium 6.25 mg/kg intravenously every 6 hours until resolution of VOD.
Approval was based on survival at Day +100 after HSCT. The Day +100 survival rates for study 1, study 2, and study 3 were 38%, 44%, and 45%, respectively. Based on published reports and analyses of patient-level data, the Day +100 survival rates were 21% to 31% for patients with hepatic VOD with renal or pulmonary dysfunction who received supportive care or interventions other than defibrotide sodium.

ClinicJot, a therapy management tool, allows pharmacists to type or write notes, schedule appointments, and draw and write on diagrams and photos. The password-protected app integrates with e-mail and other programs, allowing pharmacists to export information for their records. Available as a free version with limited information storage or as a paid version that permits many more entries. www.clinicjot.com
Pharmacy Tech, a study aid for the Pharmacy Technician Certification Board Exams, includes more than 1,000 exam cards and customizable quizzes on topics such as drug classification, calculations, administration, and maintaining medications. The app offers explanations to its quiz questions, allowing users to instantly see correct answers. $4.99. http://apple.co/1ZJaXU8



EPS has released new metric-only dosage cups that meet the latest recommendations from the Institute for Safe Medication Practices for metric graduations. The cups, available in three sizes—20 mL, 30 mL, and 60 mL—complement EPS’s growing line of other metriconly and dual-graduation dispensing products for both hospital and community use.
According to EPS, the cups are made from polypropylene and printed with compliant food-grade inks. All graduations are on the cup exterior so there’s no contact between the ink and the cup contents. The high-contrast printing ink improves visibility of the graduations, and the friction-rib design allows for easy nesting and storage. To order or for more information, visit www.medidose.com.
In vitro defibrotide sodium has profibrinolytic activity. Use of the agent is contraindicated in patients being treated concurrently with anticoagulants or fibrinolytic therapies. Hemorrhage and hypersensitivity reactions are the major potential adverse reactions. The most common adverse reactions were hypotension, diarrhea, vomiting, nausea, and epistaxis.
The recommended dose and schedule for defibrotide sodium is 6.25 mg/kg intravenously every 6 hours, given as a 2-hour infusion for at least 21 days and continued until VOD resolution or up to 60 days of treatment.

FDA has approved lenvatinib (Lenvima—Eisai) in combination with everolimus for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma who were previously treated with an antiangiogenic therapy.
The agent, a multiple receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, was approved for refractory differentiated thyroid cancer in the United States in February 2015 and has since been approved for thyroid cancer in more than 40 countries, including Japan, South Korea, Canada, and those in Europe.
Approval was based on a Phase II clinical study that compared the safety and efficacy of lenvatinib alone, and in combination with everolimus, in patients with unresectable advanced or metastatic renal cell carcinoma following one prior vascular endothelial growth factor–targeted therapy. The group that received the combination demonstrated a significant extension in progression-free survival (PFS), the study’s primary endpoint, as well as a higher objective response rate, compared with the everolimus-alone group.
The most common adverse events in the lenvatinib plus everolimus group were diarrhea, decreased appetite, and fatigue.

Mometasone furoate nasal spray (Apotex Corp.), the first generic of Nasonex Nasal Spray, has received FDA approval for the treatment of nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic and perennial allergic rhinitis in adults and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older, prevention of nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis in patients aged 12 years and older, and treatment of nasal polyps in patients aged 18 years and older.
Teva announced FDA approval of docetaxel injection, an AP-rated generic of and bioequivalent to Taxotere Injection Concentrate, a chemotherapy drug.
FDA has approved Tri-Lo-Sprintec (norgestimate and ethinyl estradiol tablets), a generic by Teva of Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo oral contraceptive, available in a 28-day blister pack dispenser.
