
Budesonide and formoterol fumarate dihydrate inhalation aerosol (Symbicort—AstraZeneca) 80/4.5 mcg received FDA approval for the treatment of pediatric patients aged 6–12 years with asthma that is not well controlled with an inhaled corticosteroid.
Approval was based on the ChildHood Asthma Safety and Efficacy (CHASE) clinical trial program, which included the CHASE 3 Phase III trial. Delivered in a single pressured metered-dose inhaler (pMDI), the agent improved lung function in children aged 6–12 years with asthma symptoms despite treatment with a low-dose inhaled corticosteroid versus budesonide pMDI 80 mcg, both delivered as two inhalations twice daily.

Allergan announced FDA approval of oxymetazoline hydrochloride cream (Rhofade—Allergan) for the once-daily topical treatment of persistent facial erythema associated with rosacea in adults.

Extended-release (ER) hydrocodone bitartrate (Vantrela ER—Teva) uses abuse-deterrent technology designed to resist drug extraction via oral, I.N., and I.V. routes.
Approval was based on a pivotal 12-week, double-blind, Phase III study of patients with moderate to severe lower back pain. Those who received the drug experienced significant pain reduction compared with those receiving placebo. Safety and efficacy, as well as abuse potential, were evaluated in laboratory-based in vitro manipulation and extraction studies, pharmacokinetic studies, and clinical abuse potential studies, according to Teva.
The product’s abuse-deterrent properties are expected to reduce but not totally prevent oral, I.N., and I.V. abuse of the drug when the tablets are manipulated.
Vantrela ER is associated with serious risks. Prescribing information contains a boxed warning that includes addiction, abuse, and misuse, which can lead to overdose and death, as well as serious, life-threatening, or fatal respiratory depression.
The safety profile, which included constipation and nausea in some patients, was consistent with that associated with hydrocodone and other ER opioids.

FDA has updated the Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, known as the Orange Book. Search results and drug listings now clarify which listed drugs are reference listed drugs (RLDs) and which are reference standards. Listings also indicate which products in the discontinued section may be referred to as an RLD.
The modifications reflect recent clarifications published in the draft guidance for industry, “Referencing Approved Drug Products in ANDA Submissions.” The print edition of the Orange Book also reflects these updates. The Orange Book mobile app will be updated to reflect these changes in the near future.
Further information is available in a prerecorded webinar, “Referencing Approved Drug Products in ANDA Submissions” (http://bit.ly/2jBXMcR).
Approval was based on two identical, multicentered, randomized, double-blind trials involving 885 patients aged 18 years or older with moderate or severe rosacea. A once-daily application was proven to reduce persistent facial erythema associated with rosacea through 12 hours.
The product will be available in May 2017, according to Allergan.

FDA approved ibrutinib (Imbruvica—Janssen, Pharmacyclics), a Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor, for treatment of patients with marginal zone lymphoma (MZL) who require systemic therapy and have received one or more prior anti-CD20–based therapies.
Expanded approval was supported by data from a Phase II, multicenter, open-label, single-arm trial evaluating the agent’s safety and efficacy in patients with MZL who had received one or more prior therapies.
In these patients, overall response rate was 46%, with 3.2% of patients achieving complete responses and 42.9% achieving partial responses.
The agent was previously approved to treat mantle cell lymphoma in patients who have received at least one prior therapy, chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), CLL in patients with 17p deletion, and Waldenstrom’s macroglobulinemia.
Ibrutinib is available as 140-mg strength capsules in 90- and 120-count bottles.

FDA granted accelerated approval to nivolumab (Opdivo—Bristol-Myers Squibb) for treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with a platinum-containing chemotherapy.
Approval was based on a single-arm study treating 270 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, or progressed within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy.
Patients received nivolumab 3 mg/kg every 2 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Objective response rate was 19.6%. Seven patients had complete responses, and 46 had partial responses. Estimated median response duration was 10.3 months, with responses ongoing at data cutoff.
The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, nausea, and decreased appetite. Fourteen patients died from causes other than disease progression, including four patients who died from pneumonitis or cardiovascular failure attributed to nivolumab. Adverse reactions led to dose discontinuation in 17% of patients.
The recommended dose and schedule for nivolumab for the above indication is 240 mg intravenously every 2 weeks.
FDA granted this nivolumab application breakthrough therapy designation and priority review status. This application was approved approximately1 month before the goal date.

Teva announced FDA approval of two BX-rated generics for adolescent and adult patients with asthma: fluticasone propionate and salmeterol inhalation powder (AirDuo RespiClick) and fluticasone propionate inhalation powder (ArmonAir RespiClick). The medications are delivered via Teva’s RespiClick breath-activated, multidose dry powder inhaler.
AirDuo RespiClick, a fixed-dose combination product containing the same active ingredients as Advair, is a corticosteroid and long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist indicated for treatment of asthma in patients aged 12 years and older.
ArmonAir RespiClick, an inhaled corticosteroid containing the same active ingredient as Flovent, is indicated for maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy in patients aged 12 years and older.
Both products, approved in three strengths each, are expected to become available in late 2017.
These BX generics cannot be substituted for Advair without permission of the prescriber.
Approved strengths of AirDuo RespiClick are 55/14 mcg, 113/14 mcg, and 232/14 mcg administered as one inhalation twice daily.
Approved strengths of ArmonAir RespiClick are 55 mcg, 113 mcg, and 232 mcg administered as one inhalation twice daily.
Approval was based on data showing clinically relevant and greater benefit compared with placebo in improvement of lung function after 12 weeks of treatment as measured by forced expiratory volume in 1 second.

FDA approved the first generic version of sodium oxybate oral solution (Xyrem—West-Ward Pharms) to treat cataplexy and excessive daytime sleepiness in patients with narcolepsy. Sodium oxybate is the only medication approved for this condition.
The active ingredient, sodium oxybate, is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyrate (GHB). GHB has not been approved for any medical use and has the potential for abuse, such as in cases of sexual assault.
Use has been associated with serious adverse effects, including seizures, trouble breathing, changes in alertness, coma, and death.
Because of the potential risks associated with sodium oxybate, the agent is subject to strict safety controls on prescribing and dispensing under a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS).
Specifically, under both the Xyrem REMS and the generic sodium oxybate REMS, sodium oxybate can be prescribed only by a certified prescriber and dispensed only to an enrolled patient by a certified pharmacy.
