■ Shire announced the approval of lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse) as a maintenance treatment for adults with ADHD. The drug was already indicated for the treatment of ADHD in patients 6 years and older as part of a total treatment plan that may include other psychological, educational, or social measures.
Approval was based on results from a randomized withdrawal study designed to evaluate the efficacy of lisdexamfetamine in 123 adults aged 18 to 55 years who were receiving treatment with lisdexamfetamine for a minimum of 6 months before enrolling in the study. Significantly more patients treated with lisdexamfetamine compared with placebo maintained ADHD symptom control as determined by the proportion of patients who met criteria for relapse of symptoms at endpoint during the 6-week randomized double-blind withdrawal phase of the study (8.9% vs. 75%, P < 0.0001).
■ A new preservative-free formulation of dorzolamide 2%/timolol 0.5% (Cosopt PF—Merck) is now available for the management of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It is dosed as one drop in an affected eye two times daily. The new preservative-free formulation has an equivalent intraocular pressure lowering effect compared with the original formulation. The new formulation will be supplied in a foil pouch containing 15 single-use containers.
■ Bayer HealthCare has received FDA approval for a lower dose formulation of drospirenone and estradiol (Angeliq) for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms related to menopause in women who have a uterus. The new formulation contains drospirenone 0.25 mg and estradiol 0.5 mg, compared with the original formulation of drospirenone 0.5 mg and estradiol 1 mg.
Approval was based on data from a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled, 12-week trial in 735 postmenopausal women. Patients receiving low-dose drospirenone and estradiol tablets achieved a statistically significant reduction in the frequency and severity of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms at week 4 and week 12, compared with placebo. Patients experienced approximately two episodes fewer per day at week 4 and approximately three episodes fewer per day at week 12.
■ MedImmune announced FDA’s approval of the first quadrivalent influenza vaccine live, intranasal (FluMist Quadrivalent). This novel vaccine contains four strains of influenza (two type A and two type B); all other currently available licensed seasonal influenza vaccines are trivalent, containing three strains (two type A [A/H1N1 and A/H3N2] and one type B). The company cited CDC data showing that both lineages of the influenza B virus have cocirculated in the United States over the last decade.
Approval of the vaccine was based on data from pivotal studies in children and adults 2 to 49 years of age. The quadrivalent vaccine was compared with two trivalent formulations and found to be safe and efficacious. Its safety profile was generally comparable with the trivalent FluMist formulations, and immunogenicity to individual vaccine strains was comparable in trivalent and quadrivalent formulations. The addition of the second B strain did not result in immune interference to other strains included in the vaccine. The vaccine is administered intranasally and indicated for patients 2 to 49 years of age.
■ Biogen Idec announced FDA approval of interferon beta-1a (Avonex) Pen 30 μg/0.5 mL, the first intramuscular autoinjector approved for patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS). The pen is an automated injection device with a smaller needle than the currently available prefilled syringe. Additional features of the pen include a protective injector shield that conceals the needle prior to injection, automated needle insertion and medication delivery, and a safety lock, which helps prevent injection error, and a display window that confirms complete delivery of the medication.
The pen was approved based on data from a Phase Illb study in which approximately 9 out of 10 patients used the device successfully; 94% of patients in the study also expressed a preference for the pen over the prefilled syringe.
FDA also approved a new dose titration regimen for interferon beta-1a, which gradually escalates the dose at treatment initiation to reduce the incidence and severity of flu-like symptoms that can occur at the beginning of therapy. The new titration regimen includes weekly injections of interferon beta-1a 7.5 μg, 15 μg, and 22.5 μg given over a 3-week period; the full dose is administered at week 4.
Approval for this regimen was based on data from an 8-week, randomized, healthy-volunteer study in which the 3-week titration period at treatment initiation reduced the severity of flulike symptoms by 76% and significantly reduced the flulike symptom incidence 4 to 6 hours postinjection compared with no titration.
■ FDA has approved ivermectin (Sklice—Sanofi pasteur) lotion 0.5% for the topical treatment of head lice in patients 6 months and older. This new lotion is formulated with ivermectin, an antiparasitic that has been used orally for more than 20 years to treat other parasites. The lotion treats lice in most patients with a single 10-minute application to dry hair without nit combing.

Approval was based on data from two identical multicenter, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled studies conducted in patients 6 months and older with head lice infestation. To evaluate efficacy, the youngest patient from each household was considered to be the index patient of the household (n = 289). Other enrolled household members with lice received the same treatment as the youngest patient. Significantly more patients in the ivermectin lotion group were louse free, and the majority of ivermectin-treated patients were lice free without any nit combing after 2 weeks.
In general, the lotion was well tolerated. The most common adverse reactions, occurring at an incidence of less than 1%, were conjunctivitis, ocular hyperemia, eye irritation, dandruff, dry skin, and skin burning sensation. Ivermectin lotion should not be used in patients younger than 6 months because of the potential increased risk of toxicity or in pregnant women.
■ APP Pharmaceuticals announced that it has received approval from FDA to market a preservative-free methotrexate injection. The company currently manufactures methotrexate injection with preservative. Because of the nationwide shortage of preservativefree methotrexate, APP collaborated with FDA to expedite approval of this critically needed drug. APP immediately began scheduling production of the drug once it received the approval and expects to begin shipment shortly.
■ Corcept Therapeutics has received orphan drug designation from FDA for mifepristone (Korlym) 300-mg tablets indicated for the management of hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing syndrome who have type 2 diabetes or glucose intolerance and have failed surgery or are not candidates for surgery. The active ingredient, mifepristone, is also marketed in 200-mg tablets as Mifeprex (Danco Laboratories) as an early option to terminate pregnancy.
In patients with Cushing syndrome, mifepristone works by blocking the glucocorticoid receptor type II to which cortisol normally binds. By blocking this receptor, mifepristone inhibits the effects of excess cortisol in patients with the disease. The starting dose is 300 mg once daily, titrated up to a maximum of 1,200 mg once daily.
Approval was based on data from an uncontrolled, open-label, multicenter, 24-week phase III study of 50 patients with endogenous Cushing syndrome who were either not eligible for or had relapsed from surgery and were either glucose intolerant (n = 29) or had hypertension (n =21). Within the glucose intolerant group, 60% of patients had a greater than 25% reduction from baseline in area under the curve in an oral glucose tolerance test. In addition, mean glycosylated hemoglobin was reduced from 7.4% to 6.3% in these patients.
The most common adverse reactions in patients with Cushing syndrome, occurring at an incidence of 20% or more, were nausea, fatigue, headache, decreased blood potassium, arthralgia, vomiting, peripheral edema, hypertension, dizziness, decreased appetite, and endometrial hypertrophy. The tablets have a boxed warning for pregnancy, as administration of these tablets can result in termination.
The tablets will be available by May 1 through CuraScript SP, a specialty pharmacy and subsidiary of Express Scripts.
■ FDA has approved Mobius Therapeutics’ mitomycin-C (Mitosol) ophthalmic solution for use in glaucoma surgery. This formulation provides ophthalmic surgeons with a new system for delivering a precise dose of mitomycin-C for use in procedures without any change to their current technique. The manufacturer plans to begin production immediately.

■ FDA announced the approval of two new pancrelipase enzyme products, Ultresa and Viokace (Aptalis), for the management of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. These deficiencies are generally associated with conditions such as cystic fibrosis, chronic pancreatitis, pancreatectomy, or obstruction of the pancreas ducts.
Ultresa is a delayed-release capsule used to treat children and adults with cystic fibrosis. Viokace, in combination with a proton pump inhibitor, is indicated for use in adults for a variety of conditions in which patients cannot digest food normally because their pancreas does not make enough pancreatic enzymes.
■ FDA has approved BioSante/Teva’s once-daily testosterone gel, Bio-T- Gel, for the treatment of male hypogonadism, or low testosterone levels. This new transdermal testosterone gel will be marketed exclusively by Teva.
■ FDA has approved Mylan’s abbreviated new drug application for doxycycline hyclate delayed-release tablets 150 mg, the generic equivalent of Warner Chilcott’s Doryx. Mylan has agreed that it will not launch its generic Doryx product until after a decision is issued in Warner Chilcott’s patent infringement lawsuit against Mylan. The tablets are indicated for the treatment of certain bacterial infections.
■ American Regent announced the availability of levetiracetam injection 500 mg/5 mL (100 mg/mL) single-use vials for the management of various seizure disorders. The injection is AP-rated to UCB’s Keppra injection. Many other generic companies also market this product in the United States. Levetiracetam is indicated for the management of a variety of seizure disorders.
