
Bayer announced FDA approval of its combination oral contraceptive tablet Natazia (estradiol valerate/dienogest) for the treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding that is not caused by any diagnosed conditions of the uterus in women who choose to use a combined oral contraceptive for contraception. This is the first and only combined oral contraceptive indicated for the treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding in the United States.
Approval was based on data from two multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials of 421 adult women with dysfunctional uterine bleeding, characterized as heavy, prolonged, and/or frequent bleeding without organic pathology. Patients were treated for seven 28-day cycles with estradiol valerate and dienogest tablets or placebo. Both studies showed that patients treated with active drug were more likely to have complete symptom relief compared with placebo (30% vs. 1.2%-2.9%). In addition, patients who were treated with active drug achieved a statistically significant reduction in menstrual blood loss compared with patients in the placebo group (P < 0.0001 for both studies).
The most common adverse reactions, occurring in 2% or more of patients, were headache, including migraine; breast pain, discomfort, or tenderness; menstrual disorders; nausea or vomiting; acne; mood changes; and increased weight.
The tablets were originally approved in the United States in May 2010 for the prevention of pregnancy.

FDA has approved etravirine (Intelence—Janssen Therapeutics) to be used in combination with other antiretroviral medications for treatment of HIV-1 in treatment-experienced pediatric patients aged 6 years to younger than 18 years who are experiencing virologic failure with HIV-1 strains resistant to a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) and other antiretroviral medications. FDA also approved a new 25-mg dosage strength to allow for weight-based dosing in the pediatric population and added a dosing table for pediatric patients to the drug's prescribing information.
Approval of Janssen's supplemental New Drug Application was based on data from a 24-week study that evaluated the pharmacokinetics, safety, and efficacy of etravirine in combination with other antiretroviral medications in 101 antiretroviral treatment-experienced pediatric patients 6 years to 18 years old. Etravirine doses of approximately 5.2 mg/kg twice daily up to the adult recommended doses resulted in exposure comparable with that in adults receiving 200 mg twice daily. In addition, at week 24, 52% of all pediatric subjects had HIV-1 RNA less than 50 copies/mL, and 67% of pediatric patients had HIV-1 RNA less than 400 copies/mL.
Etravirine is already approved for treatment-experienced adults with resistance to NNRTI and other antiretroviral medications and is available in 100and 200-mg tablets.

EffRx announced FDA's approval of alendronate (Binosto) effervescent tablets, previously known as EX101. This new alendronate formulation is a onceweekly, strawberry-flavored, effervescent 70-mg tablet. The tablets dissolve rapidly in water to make a buffered solution. The new alendronate formulation will be commercially available during the third quarter of 2012.
Teva announced that it has received FDA approval for its beclomethasone dipropionate nasal spray (QNASL), a nonaqueous nasal aerosol corticosteroid for the treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in adults and adolescents 12 years and older. The active ingredient, beclomethasone dipropionate, is delivered as a once-daily, pressurized, hydrofluoroalkane-propelled nonaqueous aerosol; the product includes a builtin dose counter.
Approval was based on data from four randomized, double-blind, parallelgroup, multicenter, placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trials. In these trials, patients received beclomethasone dipropionate 320 μg once daily, administered as two sprays in each nostril, with efficacious and safe results. The most common adverse effects were nasal discomfort, nosebleeds, and headache.
The product became available by prescription last month.

FDA announced the approval of the first generic version of Forest Labs' Lexapro (escitalopram). Teva and IVAX received approval to market generic escitalopram in 5-, 10-, and 20-mg strengths. These tablets are AB rated to the branded product. In addition, the companies were granted 180 days of marketing exclusivity by the agency.
FDA announced the approval of the first generic versions of Genentech's Boniva. Three companies—Apotex, Orchid Healthcare, and Mylan—have received approval to start marketing the once-monthly 150-mg ibandronate tablets. The 150-mg tablets from all three companies are AB rated to Genentech's product.
The agency noted that a Medication Guide will be given to patients and caregivers when ibandronate is dispensed. The guide describes the risks and potential adverse reactions of this drug, such as esophagus problems; hypocalcemia; bone, joint, or muscle pain; severe jaw bone problems; and unusual thigh bone fractures.

Novo Nordisk announced that the pregnancy category for its insulin detemir (Levemir) has been changed to Category B, indicating that the drug does not increase risk of harm to the fetus when used by pregnant women. The change makes Novo Nordisk's insulin detemir the only basal insulin analog with this classification; for example, insulin glargine (Lantus—Sanofi) is Pregnancy Category C.
The change was based on data from a large randomized controlled trial comparing the efficacy and safety of insulin detemir to that of NPH insulin in 310 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. In the study, patients taking insulin detemir had similar glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C) reductions at gestational week 36 and lower fasting plasma glucose levels at gestational weeks 24 and 36 compared with those taking NPH. There were no differences in the drugs' overall safety profile during pregnancy, pregnancy outcomes, or the health of the fetus and newborn.
