
FDA announced the approval of everolimus (Afinitor—Novartis) for the management of renal angiomyolipomas (noncancerous kidney tumors) not requiring immediate surgery in patients with tuberous sclerosis complex. Tuberous sclerosis complex is a rare genetic disease that affects approximately 40,000 patients in the United States and is characterized by the growth of noncancerous tumors in various parts of the body, such as the kidneys, brain, and other vital organs. Tumors that grow in the kidneys can result in kidney failure and bleeding if left untreated. Everolimus exerts its mechanism of action by blocking the uncontrolled activity of the mTOR kinase, which plays a critical role in the development and growth of the various noncancerous tumors occurring in patients with this disease.
Accelerated approval of everolimus for this new indication was based on data from a double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial in 118 patients with tumors present in both kidneys. Approximately 42% of patients treated with everolimus had a substantial reduction in kidney tumor size lasting more than 5 months on average, compared with no patients in the placebo group having tumor shrinkage.
As part of an accelerated approval process, Novartis must continue to follow these patients for at least 4 years to determine the duration of their responses and how the responses affect the need for surgery and control of the disease.
The most common adverse events in patients using everolimus were inflamed or sore mouth, nausea or vomiting, skin problems, cough, headache, diarrhea, abdominal pain, Joint pain, swelling of legs or arms, and upper respiratory infection. Additionally, 15% of female patients receiving active therapy had one or more missed menstrual periods during the study.
Everolimus is also approved by FDA to treat patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma that has progressed after treatment with other cancer therapies, subependymal giant cell astrocytoma associated with tuberous sclerosis complex in patients who require treatment but are not candidates for surgical removal of the tumor, and progressive neuroendocrine tumors located in the pancreas that cannot be removed by surgery or that have spread to other parts of the body.

A new once-daily combination containingmetoprolol succinate extendedrelease/hydrochlorothiazide (Dutoprol—AstraZeneca) has been approved for the management of hypertension.The tablets will be marketed in strengths of 25 mg/12.5 mg, 50 mg/12.5 mg,and 100 mg/12.5 mg.
AstraZeneca is also launching Dutoprol Direct, a new program from the manufacturer that provides patients with the product sent directly to their home. Patients with prescription coverage or those paying cash are eligible for the program. The prescriber or patient submits the prescription to AstraZeneca, and a 90-day supply is sent to the patient’s home at a cost of less than $20 per month. Alternatively, patients may obtain a 30-day prescription for $20 plus shipping and handling fees.
UCB announced that FDA has approved a new formulation of rotigo-tine transdermal system (Neupro) for the treatment of the signs and symptoms of advanced-stage idiopathic Parkinson fdisease and as a treatment for moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome (RLS). The original formulation, which was only approved to treat the signs and symptoms of earlystage idiopathic Parkinson disease, was recalled in 2008 because of the formation of rotigotine crystals in the patches.
FDA’s most recent approval was based on data from seven trials. For management of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson disease, the efficacy of rotigotine transdermal system was established in five parallel-group, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials. In three trials, statistically significant improvements in combined scores on the Unified Parkinson Disease Rating Scale were observed in patients with early-stage Parkinson disease who were receiving rotigotine transdermal system compared with patients receiving placebo. In two trials in patients with advanced Parkinson disease, significant changes in off times were observed in patients receiving active therapy compared with those who received placebo.
The product’s efficacy in the treatment of primary RLS was established in two fixed-dose, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials with 6-month maintenance periods. Patients received rotigotine doses ranging from 0.5 mg/24 h to 3 mg/24 h once daily. Significant improvements in sum scores on the International RLS Rating Scale and the Clinical Global Impression –Improvement Assessment were observed in patients receiving active drug compared with those receiving placebo. UCB reported that rotigotine transdermal system will be available in July 2012.

Mylan has received final approval from FDA to launch the first generic version of Novartis’s Lescol. The generic fluvastatin capsules are AB rated to the brand-name product and will be marketed in 20-mg and 40-mg strengths. Fluvastatin is indicated for the treatment of both familial and nonfamilial hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia, as well as secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Mylan has already begun shipping its generic version of the product.
Watson Laboratories and Akorn announced the approval of generic versions of ViroPharma Incorporated’s Vancocin capsules. These new generic vancomycin capsules were approved in 125-mg and 250-mg dosage strengths. Oral vancomycin is indicated for the treatment of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains.
Both companies have begun shipping their generic versions.
