
Baxter announced the FDA approval of antihemophilic factor (recombinant) plasma/albumin-free method (Advate) for routine prophylaxis to prevent or reduce the frequency of bleeding episodes in pediatric and adult patients with hemophilia A. The drug was originally approved in July 2003 for control and prevention of bleeding episodes in adults and children with hemophilia A.


Approval was based on a Phase IV study that compared two prophylactic regimens to on-demand treatment of bleeding episodes in 53 previously treated patients with severe or moderately severe hemophilia A. Initial treatment with 6 months of on-demand therapy was followed by 12 months of prophylaxis therapy. When given as routine prophylaxis, Advate significantly reduced median annual bleed rates from 44 to 1 compared with on-demand treatment, for a 98% reduction in the annual bleed rate (P < 0.0001).
FDA has granted accelerated approval to Prevnar 13 (pneumococcal 13-valent conjugate vaccine [diphtheria CRM197 protein] —Pfizer, Wyeth) for active immunization of adults 50 years and older for the prevention of invasive disease caused by 13 different serotypes of Streptococcus pneumoniae. The vaccine is already approved for use in children aged 6 weeks through 5 years.


According to FDA, data from a randomized, multicenter trial conducted in the United States and Europe showed that Prevnar 13 induced antibody levels for 12 common serotypes of S. pneumoniae that were either comparable with or higher than the levels induced by Pneumovax 23 (pneumococcal vaccine polyvalent—Merck) in adult patients 50 years and older.
FDA also noted that the safety of Prevnar 13 has been evaluated in approximately 6,000 patients 50 years and older. Commonly reported adverse reactions were pain, redness, and swelling at the injection site; limitation of movement of the injected arm; fatigue; headache; chills; decreased appetite; generalized muscle pain; and joint pain. These reactions are similar to those reported with Pneumovax 23.
FDA announced that raltegravir (Isentress—Merck) has been approved for use in combination with other antiretroviral agents for treatment of HIV-1 infection in children and adolescents 2 to 18 years of age. The drug was originally approved in October 2007 for management of HIV-1 infection in adults.


Approval was based on data from a single, multicenter trial involving 96 pediatric patients with HIV-1 infection who had previously received treatment for their condition. After 24 weeks of treatment with raltegravir, 53% of these patients had an undetectable amount of HIV in their blood. Insomnia and headache were the most commonly reported adverse events.
Raltegravir is available in two formulations: tablet and chewable tablet. The chewable form is approved only for use in children 2 to 11 years old.

A new fixed-dose combination tablet containing the angiotensin II receptor blocker azilsartan and the diuretic chlorthalidone (Edarbyclor—Takeda) has received FDA approval for the treatment of hypertension in adults. The recommended starting dose of azilsartan/chlorthalidone is 40 mg/12.5 mg once daily, with a maximum dose of 40 mg/25 mg daily.
Approval was based on data from five Phase III clinical studies involving more than 5,000 patients with hypertension that showed that azilsartan/chlorthalidone lowered mean trough systolic blood pressure measured by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring significantly more than either azilsartan or chlorthalidone given as monotherapy. ln addition, this new combination lowered clinic systolic blood pressure significantly more than the fixed-dose combination of olmesartan/hydrochlorothiazide (Benicar HCT—Daiichi Sankyo) at its highest approved dose of 40 mg/25 mg.


Dizziness and fatigue were the most common adverse reactions reported in clinical studies. The tablets will be available in two strengths of azilsartan/chlorthalidone: 40 mg/12.5 mg and 40 mg/25 mg.
Antares and Watson announced the approval of topical oxybutynin gel 3% for the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and frequency. The gel is available in a metered-dose pump that is applied once daily to the thigh, abdomen, upper arm, or shoulder.
Approval was based on a 12-week, multicenter, placebo-controlled Phase III clinical study in which patients were randomized to either oxybutynin gel 3% (84 mg) or placebo. Data from this trial showed that patients treated with oxybutynin gel daily achieved steady state drug concentrations within 3 days and experienced a statistically significant decrease in overactive bladder symptoms compared with placebo. In addition, the gel was well tolerated, with the most frequently reported treatment- related adverse events being dry mouth (12.1% vs. 5% with placebo), application site erythema (3.7% vs. 1.0%), and application site rash (3.3% vs. 0.5%).
A new crush-resistant formulation of Endo's oxymorphone extended-release tablets (Opana ER) has been approved by FDA. This new formulation uses INTAC technology from Grunenthal, which is partnering with Endo to develop this product.


The tablets will be marketed in the same dosage strengths, color, packaging, and tablet size and shape as the original Opana ER tablets. In addition, there are no significant differences in the rate and extent of absorption of the therapeutic ingredient between this new formulation and the original formulation. The original tablets will be phased out gradually this year as patients are transitioned to the new formulation.
Extended-release oxymorphone tablets are indicated for the relief of moderate to severe pain in patients requiring continuous, around-the-clock opioid treatment for an extended period of time.

The first generic versions of Pfizer's blockbuster drug Liptor were launched by Watson and Ranbaxy. The Watson product is an authorized generic version of atorvastatin, with Pfizer manufacturing and supplying Watson with all dosage strengths of the product. Although Watson will market and distribute the product in the United States, Pfizer will receive a share of the net sales until November 30, 2016.
Ranbaxy's product is being manufactured by Ohm Laboratories at its New Jersey-based facility. As the first generic approved by FDA, Ranbaxy's atorvastatin has a 180-day market exclusivity period. Barring legal challenges, however, Pfizer's authorization of the Watson product means that two generic versions are immediately available.
Mylan announced that it has received final FDA approval for its abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for eprosartan tablets. This product is the first generic version of Abbott's Teveten tablets, thereby granting Mylan 180 days of marketing exclusivity. Mylan's tablets are AB rated to the brand name product and will be marketed in 400-mg and 600-mg strengths. Eprosartan is indicated for the management of hypertension.
Mylan also announced the approval of its ANDA for levetiracetam extended-release tablets. The tablets are AB rated to UCB's Keppra XR tablets and will be marketed in 500-mg and 750-mg strengths. Levetiracetam extended-release tablets are indicated for the management of partial onset seizures in patients 16 years of age and older with epilepsy.


Sun announced that FDA has granted approval for its ANDA for tramadolextended-release tablets. The tablets are AB rated to PriCara's Ultram ER tablets and will be marketed in 100-mg, 200-mg, and 300-mg strengths. Tramadol extended-release tablets are indicated for management of moderate to moderately severe chronic pain in adults who need around-the-clock treatment of their pain for an extended period of time.
Mylan also announced the approval of its ANDA for metoprolol succinate extended-release tablets. The tablets are AB rated to AstraZeneca's Toprol XL tablets and will be marketed in 25-mg, 50-mg, 100-mg, and 200-mg strengths. Metoprolol extended-release tablets are indicated for the treatment of hypertension.

DEA announced that carisoprodol (Soma—Meda) and its salts, isomers, and salts of isomers will now be categorized as Schedule IV drugs under the federal Controlled Substances Act. This change became effective on January 12 and affects manufacturers, distributors, dispensers, importers, exporters, researchers, and any persons conducting instructional and chemical analysis with the compound. All commercial containers of carisoprodol packaged on or after April 10, 2012, will be labeled "C-IV."



Medi-Dose/EPS announced the release of three sizes of trigger spray bottles (8 oz, 16 oz, and 32 oz). These bottles are equipped with a long trigger grip and are ideal for cleaning counters and laminar flow hoods. This new product will be stocked in cases of either 36 (8 oz and 16 oz) or 24 (32 oz), with quantity pricing available on as few as five cases.


