
Seattle Genetics announced that brentuximab vedotin (Adcetris) has been granted orphan drug designation by FDA for the treatment of mycosis fungoides, the most common type of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL).
Seattle Genetics and Millennium, Takeda's oncology arm, announced in a news release that they will conduct ALCANZA, a Phase III clinical trial of brentuximab vedotin for patients with CD30-positive relapsed CTCL. The trial will be conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment agreement from FDA and will assess brentuximab vedotin versus investigator's choice of methotrexate or bexarotene (Targretin—Eisai) on the primary endpoint of overall response rate lasting at least 4 months. Approximately 124 patients will be enrolled in the pivotal trial.
GlaxoSmithKline announced that FDA has approved eltrombopag (Promacta) tablets for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in patients with chronic hepatitis C to allow them to initiate and maintain interferon-based therapy. According to the manufacturer, this is the first supportive care treatment available to patients who are ineligible or poor candidates for interferon-based therapy as a result of low platelet counts.
Approval was based on data from the ENABLE 1 and 2 (Eltrombopag to Initiate and Maintain Interferon Antiviral Treatment to Benefit Subjects with Hepatitis C-Related Liver Disease) trials. Use of eltrombopag in combination with interferon-based therapy in these trials was shown to improve a patient's chance of achieving a sustained virologic response or viral cure.
Rivaroxaban (Xarelto—Janssen) is now approved for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) and to reduce the risk of recurrent DVT and PE following initial treatment. The product is approved to treat patients with DVT or PE at a dose of 15 mg twice daily for 3 weeks, followed by 20 mg once daily for the remaining treatment period. It is also approved at a dose of 20 mg once daily to reduce the risk of recurrence of DVT and PE following an initial 6 months of treatment for acute venous thromboembolism.
Approval was based on data from three clinical studies involving a total of 9,478 patients with DVT or PE. Results from two of these trials showed that treatment with rivaroxaban was as effective as an enoxaparin and vitamin K antagonist combination for treating DVT and PE. Additionally, results from a third study showed that extended rivaroxaban treatment reduced the risk of recurrent DVT and PE in a greater percentage of patients compared with placebo.
FDA announced the approval of nevirapine extended release (Viramune XR—Boehringer Ingelheim) for use in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in children 6 years to less than 18 years of age. The tablets were initially approved for the management of adults with HIV-1 infection. In addition, the agency approved a new 100-mg tablet that can be used in younger patients. Approval for pediatric patients was based on pharmacokinetic, safety, and antiviral activity data from an openlabel trial.

A new 800-mg tablet dosage strength for darunavir (Prezista— Janssen) has been approved for the treatment of HIV-1 in treatment-naive and treatment-experienced adult patients with no darunavir resistance associated mutations. This new higher strength will reduce the number of tablets by half, replacing two 400-mg tablets with one 800-mg tablet taken once daily.
Ranbaxy announced the launch of a novel formulation of isotretinoin (Absorica) capsules for the treatment of severe recalcitrant nodular acne in patients 12 years and older. This formulation of isotretinoin is manufactured using Lidose technology, which means it can be given without regards to meals. Other formulations of isotretinoin are recommended to be given with meals to enhance absorption. Because of this difference, Absorica is not interchangeable and not substitutable with generic versions of Accutane (Roche; now discontinued). Absorica is currently available in 10-mg, 20-mg, 30-mg, and 40mg capsules in 30-count boxes.

Watson announced FDA's approval of sildenafil 20-mg tablets, the generic equivalent to Pfizer's Revatio. The tablets are indicated for the treatment of World Health Organization Group 1 pulmonary arterial hypertension in adults to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. Watson intends to begin shipping the product in the near future.
