HOT OTCAlignMarketed by:Procter&Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication:Procter & Gamble recently launched Align nationally. Align is a daily probiotic supplement that helps build and maintain a strong, healthy digestive system. The supplement works by providing a natural balancing defense against 5 specific types of digestive upsets, including bloating, constipation, diarrhea, gas, and urgency. The product contains the ingredient Bifantis, a probiotic strain that can help strengthen the body's natural defense and play an important role in basic digestion, proper metabolism, and overall well-being. The recommended dose of Align is 1 capsule daily.For More Information:www.AlignGI.com800-208-0112Throat Biotics Probiotic Zinc LozengeMarketed by:Healthy Biotics Inc (Westlake Village, CA)Indication:Throat Biotics Probiotic Zinc Lozenge is a natural alternative to effectively boost the natural immunity and help strengthen the body to resist the effects of germs and viruses that cause the common cold and flu. The product uses new probiotic technology that coats the whole digestive tract with competing, throat-healthy organisms that have been wiped away by antibiotic use. The cinnamon-flavored lozenge is available in 30-count travel size packaging.For More Information:www.throatbiotics.com800-667-1969Cetaphil UVA/UVB Defense SPF 50Marketed by:Galderma Laboratories (Fort Worth, TX)Indication:Cetaphil UVA/UVB Defense SPF 50 is a nongreasy facial moisturizer that nourishes and hydrates the skin while protecting it from the sun's harmful rays. The moisturizer contains a blend of 4 filters and micronized titanium dioxide that screen both the UVA and UVB rays. For patients requiring an effective sunscreen as part of the management of their skin-related condition, Cetaphil UVA/UVB Defense SPF 50 combines 2 steps into 1, making it an ideal choice for both daily sun protection and for moisturizing the face. Because the product is fragrance free, nonirritating, and noncomedogenic, it will not clog pores and can be used by individuals with acne, rosacea or melasma, and other skin-related conditions. Available in a 1.7-oz tube, Cetaphil UVA/UVB Defense SPF 50 retails for $13.99.For More Information:www.cetaphil.com
Breathe Kids Nasal StripsMarketed by:GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (Pittsburgh, PA)Indication:Breathe Right Kids Nasal Strips provide relief from nasal congestion caused by colds and allergies. The product helps children breathe better, improving airflow by opening up the nasal passages when lying down to go to sleep. Each drug-free nasal strip consists of a flexible "spring-like" band, placed across the bridge of the nose. Breathe Right Kids Nasal Strips are comfortable to wear, can be worn overnight, and are gentle on the skin.For More Information:www.breatheright.com
Pepcid CompleteMarketed by:Johnson & Johnson-Merck Consumer Pharmaceuticals Co (Fort Washington, PA)Indication:Pepcid Complete has a new formulation that gives the product a new taste by combining enhanced flavor and a smooth texture. The product is indicated to relieve heartburn associated with acid indigestion and sour stomach. Pepcid Complete combines antacids, which start to neutralize acid in seconds, with an acid reducer, which controls acid up to 12 hours, so individuals get both fast and long-lasting relief of heartburn. The recommended dose is to chew 1 tablet up to twice daily.For More Information:www.pepcid.com877-755-4008
EARinseMarketed by:PNG Gerolymatos (New York, NY)Indication:EARinse is an all-natural hypertonic saline solution that cleanses the ear canal by gently dissolving ear wax in a comfortable, room-temperature spray. The product's patented flexible safety applicator is designed to adapt to the shape of the ear. EARinse's organic seawater solution mimics the body's natural chemistry to help balance ear pressure and prevent infection.For More Information:www.earinse.com866-895-0371
HealthiFeetMarketed by:Tender Corp (Littleton, NH)Indication:A topical moisturizing cream clinically proven to relieve foot discomfort, HealthiFeet contains L-arginine, a naturally occurring amino acid that the body uses to regulate circulation. The L-arginine in HealthiFeet is transported through the skin transdermally by a patented delivery system, restoring normal temperatures to cold feet and keeping them warm and healthy. The product is ideal for patients with diabetes. HealthiFeet works by rubbing the cream into the feet for 5 minutes, liberally covering the entire foot, top and bottom. Warmth can be experienced in <10 minutes and lasts for several hours. Apply the cream twice per day, morning and evening, for 7 days. After 7 days, apply once per day to maintain soft, healthy feet. Available in 1.8- and 4-oz tubes, HealthiFeet retails for $9.99 and $19.99, respectively.For More Information:www.tendercorp.com800-258-4696
EyeScience Macular Health FormulaMarketed by:EyeScience Labs (Columbus, OH)Indication:EyeScience Macular Health Formula is a complete eye vitamin supplement specifically for age-related macular degeneration. The product contains 14 clinically proven nutrients to support a healthy retina, including omega-3, lutein, zeaxanthin, bilberry, grape seed extract, selenium, L-glutathione, and alpha lipoic acid.For More Information:www.eyescience.com877-EYE-VITA (877-393-8482)
Mycocide Nail Fungus Test KitMarketed by:Woodward Laboratories Inc (Aliso Viejo, CA)Indication:Mycocide Nail Fungus Test Kit is an at-home screening kit that helps diagnose toe and finger nail fungus. The individual uses the provided nail clipper to collect a sample of a discolored and possibly infected nail, and mails it to Woodward Laboratories Inc in a postage prepaid envelope. The nail is tested and a podiatrist reads and certifies the diagnosis. The results are mailed back to the individual. Mycocide Nail Fungus Test Kit retails for $20.For More Information:www.IsItNailFungus.com800-780-6999
SmartMouthMarketed by:Triumph Pharmaceuticals Inc (St. Louis, MO)Indication:SmartMouth, which provides a full 12 hours of fresh breath after each rinse, is now available in cinnamon flavor.The mouthwash is alcohol free, with none of the burning sensation commonly associated with mouthwash. SmartMouth's 2-pump formula attacks bad breath in 2 ways. The product eliminates any currently present bad breath and its zinc technology neutralizes bacteria, preventing them from producing new bad breath for at least 12 hours after each rinse. Available in a 16-oz bottle, SmartMouth retails for $11.99.For More Information:www.smartmouth.com
