Claritin Liqui-Gels
Marketed by:
Schering-Plough Corp (Kenilworth, NJ)
Indication:Claritin Liqui-Gels temporarily relieve runny nose;
sneezing; itchy, watery eyes; and itching of the nose
or throat due to hay fever or other upper respiratory
allergies, without causing drowsiness. The recommended
dose for adults and children 6 years and
older is 1 capsule daily.
For More Information:www.claritin.com
800-CLARITIN (800-252-7484)
Nix PF
Marketed by:
Insight Pharmaceuticals
(Langhorne, PA)
Indication:
Nix PF is a pesticide-free
solution that safely and
effectively eliminates lice.
The Nix PF elimination kit
includes an easy-to-use
spray that keeps hair moist
while removing lice and
nits. Nix PF also comes
with a 2-step metal comb,
with one side to untangle
and separate hair, and the
other fine-toothed side to
efficiently remove lice and
their eggs.
For More Information:www.nixlice.com
888-542-3546
LensAlert
Marketed by:
LensAlert (St. Louis, MO)
Indication:
LensAlert is an electronic device that allows contact lens wearers to accurately
track and replace their lenses and case according to their physician?s
schedule. Users set the digital timer to their lens and case schedules.
LensAlert Lens countdown presets to 14 or 30 days. The LensAlert Case
countdown presets to 30, 60, or 90 days. When the display flashes ?0,? it is
time to change the lens or case.
For More Information:www.lensalert.com
Bifera
Marketed by:
Alaven Consumer Healthcare (Marietta, GA)
Indication:
Bifera is an iron supplement that offers both heme iron (protein-based iron)
and nonheme iron (plant-based iron). The product provides iron in 1 small,
easy-to-swallow pill for maximum absorption with virtually no gastrointestinal
side effects. Bifera is recommended for adults already taking supplemental
iron, women of childbearing age, pregnant women, anemics, and men and
women who simply need more iron in their diet.
For More Information:www.bifera.com
888-317-0001
Miranel AF
Marketed by:
Humco (Texarkana, TX)
Indication:Miranel AF includes a new,
penetrating power technology
that kills fungus around and
under the nail, aimed at eliminating
the fungus that creates
embarrassing, unsightly, and
often painful infections. The
antifungal treatment combines
soothing botanicals
and the proven, FDA clinical
strength antifungal 2% miconazole
nitrate.
For More Information:www.miranelbrands.com
800-353-5457
Children's Zyrtec
Marketed by:
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
(Fort Washington, PA)
Indication:
The company recently announced
the availability of Children?s Zyrtec
Allergy Bubble Gum Syrup. The sugarfree,
dye-free, bubble gum?flavored
product is used to treat perennial and
seasonal allergic rhinitis. Children?s
Zyrtec Allergy Bubble Gum Syrup is
a once-daily medication that relieves
kids? indoor and outdoor allergies.
The product is indicated for children
aged 2 and older.
For More Information:www.zyrtec.com
800-343-7805
Johnson?s Body Care Deep Hydrating Extra Dry Skin Lotion
and Deep Hydrating Body Wash
Marketed by:
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies Inc (Skillman, NJ)
Indication:
The company recently launched a new collection of body care products specifically
designed for adult women. Johnson?s Body Care Deep Hydrating Extra
Dry Skin Lotion is enhanced with a touch of oil to help relieve dry, thirsty skin
in 1 application. The lotion, which relieves and moisturizes skin for 24 hours,
is available in a 14-oz bottle. Johnson?s Body Care Deep Hydrating Body Wash
rinses clean with no lingering residue, and is available in a 20.3-oz bottle.
Both products retail for $5.49 each.
For More Information:www.johnsonsforyou.com
866-565-2229
Brez
Marketed by:
AirWare Inc (Scottsdale, AZ)
Indication:
Brez is a drug-, latex-, and adhesive-free, soft and pliable device that works
directly and comfortably inside the nose to alleviate primary snoring (snoring
without apnea). The product is available in 3 sizes (small, medium, and large)
to ensure proper fit, inserts easily into the nose, and gently lifts, expands, and
supports the interior walls of the nasal passages to reduce the resistance of
airflow.
For More Information:www.mybrez.com
877-299-6700

Lice Good-Bye
Marketed by:
Fairy Tales Hair Care (Passaic, NJ)
Indication:
Lice Good-Bye mousse helps
remove lice and their eggs from
children?s hair. The product is a
nontoxic, pesticide-free, enzymebased
shampoo that is safe and
effective. It has been clinically
proven to dissolve nit ?glue? to
help parents remove lice and nits
from the hair more efficiently.
Lice Good-Bye is safe for repeated
applications. The product includes
1 egg removal comb.
For More Information:www.fairytaleshaircare.com
888-244-1990

Thera-Med Sinus Headache Cold Pack
Marketed by:
Carex Health Brands (Oakland, CA)
Indication:
The reusable Thera-Med Sinus Headache Cold Pak features
Dual Temp Technology—a soft side for cold, and
a smooth side for extra cold. Designed for use over the
eyes and/or forehead and featuring an adjustable strap,
the new pack offers highly-targeted relief for sinus pain
and headaches.
For More Information:www.carex.com
800-328-2935


Find it Online

For more OTC Product News, visit www.PharmacyTimes.com/OTCproducts
