Prodigy Voice
Marketed by:
Diagnostic Devices Inc (Charlotte, NC)
Indication:
Prodigy Voice is a specially
designed blood glucose monitoring
system that allows total
independence for the blind.
The audible step-by-step
setups will "talk" the patient
through all meter settings. The
system requires no coding,
which means fewer steps and
no coding errors. The Prodigy Voice also has been
designed with tactile features allowing blind patients
to feel and locate the different buttons easily. The
buttons have raised imprints on them allowing the
patient to easily identify them with a gentle touch. In
addition, the system can store up to 450 audible test
results with date and time and gives 7-, 14-, 21-, 28-,
60-, and 90-day audible averages. The system only
requires 0.6 ?L of blood and provides results within 6
seconds.
For More Information:www.prodigymeter.com
800-366-5901
Kids-EEZE Chest Relief
Marketed by:
Quigley Corp (Doylestown, PA)
Indication:
Kids-EEZE Chest Relief is a
single-ingredient, allopathic
expectorant with guaifenesin
to help children, aged 6 and up,
experiencing uncomfortable
chest congestion. Each box of
Kids-EEZE Chest Relief contains
12 individually-wrapped, kidfriendly
soft chews with 100 mg
of guaifenesin.
Available in strawberry and grape flavors,
the product retails for $7.99.
For More Information:www.kids-eeze.com
800-505-COLD (800-505-2653)
Wound-Be-Gone
Marketed by:
Wake Pharm US Inc (Bellwood, IL)
Indication:
Wound-Be-Gone uses
a unique combination
of highly effective
moist healing and patented free oxygen binding
technology to heal wound and skin injuries. The moist
environment supports the movement of cells and
maintains a constant temperature in the wound, which
is critical for quick healing without scars. The active
ingredient neutralizes free oxygen radicals and creates
an elastic layer that prohibits contact between the
wound and its external environment. This prevents the
wound from becoming contaminated and speeds up
the healing process. The topical gel contains no antibiotics,
medication, or biological materials.
For More Information:www.woundbegone.com
888-333-7045
Polar Powder Cold Pak with Magnetic Therapy
Marketed by:
Coldpax Medical LLC (Hollywood, FL)
Indication:
The company recently
relaunched Polar Powder
Cold Pak with Magnetic
Therapy, the first and only
magnetically charged coldpack
therapy. The product uses a patent-pending
process to reduce inflammation and increase blood
flow to affected areas. Through the combined efforts
of cold and magnetic therapies, the product works in
conjunction with the body's natural healing process
to promote faster healing and more effective pain
relief. It features a soft, pliable, nontoxic, magnetically
charged powder that disperses cold more evenly and
stays cold longer than water-based and gel-based
formulations. Polar Powder Cold Pak with Magnetic
Therapy is ideal for headaches, sports injuries, arthritis,
sore muscles, and back pain.
For More Information:www.polarpowdercoldpak.com
Systane Ultra Lubricant Eye Drops
Marketed by:
Alcon Laboratories Inc (Fort Worth, TX)
Indication:
Systane Ultra Lubricant Eye
Drops is a high-performance
dry eye therapy with a
unique mechanism of action.
HP-Guar, borate, and sorbitol
interact to provide an "intelligent"
system to deliver the
active demulcents, polyethylene
glycol, and propylene glycol to the eye. While
acting like a drop, this new system protects like a
gel providing extended protection to the eye's surface.
The product is designed to make the eyes feel
comfortable and lubricated longer. Systane Ultra
Lubricant Eye Drops is available in 2 sizes, a 10-mL
and new Home & Away Pack featuring both a 10-
and a 5-mL bottle in one box.
For More Information:www.systane.com
800-TO-ALCON (800-862-5266)

Zicam Cold Sore Gel Swabs
Marketed by:
Zicam LLC (Scottsdale, AZ), wholly-owned subsidiary of Matrixx Initiatives Inc
Indication:
Zicam Cold Sore Gel
Swabs provides soothing
relief from the tingling,
blistering, pain, and itchiness
of cold sores. The
product's active ingredient is zinc gluconate. Zicam
Cold Sore Gel Swabs also offers an easy, no mess
application that helps individuals get over cold sores
faster.
For More Information:www.zicam.com
877-942-2626
Futuro Night Plantar Fasciitis Sleep Support
Marketed by:
Beiersdorf Inc (Wilton, CT)
Indication:
Futuro Night Plantar Fasciitis Sleep
Support is a nighttime solution to
treat plantar fasciitis, a painful foot
condition. The thin, lightweight
removable brace helps comfortably
hold the foot in the recommended
therapeutic angle (90?) while sleeping,
helping to alleviate pain and
speed recovery time.
For More Information:www.futuro-usa.com
800-227-4703
Metabolife Break Through
Marketed by:
Metabolife Corp (New York, NY), part of ISI Brands Inc
Indication:
Metabolife Break Through is a
clinically tested, patent-pending
formula to help the body get
past its biological survival mode
sluggishness to the most challenging
part of weight loss—maintaining the results. The
product is part of the Metabolife
2-stage weight-loss system.
Metabolife Break Through's key
nutrients include green tea, caffeine,
cayenne, and the amino
acid L-Tyrosine. The product
retails for $29.99.
For More Information:www.metabolife.com
800-645-5626

Children's Coldcalm
Marketed by:
Boiron (Newtown Square, PA)
Indication:
Children's Coldcalm is a
complete multisymptom
cold reliever for sneezing,
runny nose, nasal congestion,
and minor sore
throat pain. The product's
formula works without
causing side effects, overdosing,
or interactions with other medications. Safe
for children aged 3 and up, Children's Coldcalm uses
the same homeopathic formula in Coldcalm tablets,
but in kid-friendly, melt-away pellets. The new packaging
contains 2 multi-dose, plastic, portable, and
shatter-proof dispensers, each with about 80 pellets
to be taken 5 at a time. The product retails for $9.99.
For More Information:www.boironusa.com
800-BOIRON-1 (800-264-7661)

Little Allergies Allergen Block
Marketed by:
Prestige Brands Holdings Inc (Irvington, NY)
Indication:
Little Allergies Allergen Block
is a topical gel that is applied
outside around the nostrils to
block both indoor and outdoor
airborne allergens on contact,
thereby helping prevent nasal
allergy symptoms. Because
the product is drug-free and does not contain unnecessary
additives, the product is safe for children aged
12 and younger. Little Allergies Allergen Block retails
for $14.99.
For More Information:www.prestigebrandsinc.com


Find it Online

For more OTC Product News, visit www.PharmacyTimes.com/OTCproducts
