DermaLastyl-m Anti-Wrinkle After Shave
Marketed by:
DermaPlus Inc (Staten Island, NY)
Indication:
DermaLastyl-m Anti-Wrinkle After
Shave uses genuine
human elastin to
help decrease the appearance of existing wrinkles
and restore a youthful experience. DermaLastyl-m
Anti-Wrinkle After Shave's primary active ingredient
elastatropin comprises a complex chain of >600
amino acids. The protein elastin keeps the skin flexible
and able to stretch or contract, and then return
to its normal shape.
For More Information:www.dermalastyl-m.com800-335-8312
Cur?l Life's Stages
Marketed by:
Kao Brands Co (Cincinnati, OH)
Indication:
Cur?l Life's Stages
is a new line
of moisturizers
designed to help
women address
the changing needs
of their skin. The
collection includes
Cur?l nurturing comfort Moisture Cream, Cur?l youthdefense
Moisture Lotion, and Cur?l skin fortifying
Moisture Lotion. The Cur?l nurturing comfort Moisture
Cream for pregnancy & motherhood helps improve
the skin's elasticity and alleviates dryness throughout
pregnancy and beyond. To help battle the early
signs of aging, Cur?l youth-defense Moisture Lotion
replenishes essential building blocks found in naturally
young, healthy skin, increases skin's moisture
level, and is clinically proven to provide healthier looking
and feeling skin in 1 week. Cur?l skin fortifying
Moisture Lotion for menopause & beyond helps maintain
the skin's elasticity, making it soft and supple
during menopause and beyond. The products retail
for $7.49 each.
For More Information:www.curel.com800-521-3189
Conquer Omega T
Marketed by:
HA Concepts Inc (Lexington, KY)
Indication:
Conquer Omega T is a natural
anti-inflammatory formula
containing Omega 3 and
Turmeric for double-strength
joint relief. Omega 3 supplements
have been proven to
reduce inflammation caused
by arthritis, improve cardiovascular
health, and control
high blood pressure and cholesterol. Turmeric also
has been shown to aid digestion and liver function,
acts as an antioxidant in the body, and contains a
chemical called curcumin that is being linked with
anticancer properties.
For More Information:www.conquerha.com888-843-2251
PrimaVu Herbal Eye Drops
Marketed by:
Molecular Health Commerce Inc (San Diego, CA)
Indication:
PrimaVu Herbal Eye
Drops are indicated for
use as a lubricant to
prevent further irritation
or to relieve dryness
of the eye. The
product will provide
relief of dry or tired
eyes due to air pollution,
smoky environments,
dust, wind, salt or chlorine, fatigue due to
computer use, or to freshen eyes after contact lens
wear. PrimaVu Herbal Eye Drops retail for $9.99.
For More Information:www.primavu.com866-766-MHCI (866-766-6424)
Hot OTCACCU-CHEK Compact Plus Blood Glucose Meter
Marketed by:
Roche Diagnostics (Indianapolis, IL)
Indication:
The ACCU-CHEK Compact Plus
Blood Glucose Meter provides
an all-in-one convenience for
patients with diabetes. The
meter features a bold selfilluminating
display that is bright
and easy to read. The product's
load-and-go drum of 17 preloaded
test strips requires no strip
handling, and the ACCU-CHEK Softclix Plus detachable
lancing device has 11 depth settings and no side-to-side motion, which reduces painful skin tearing.
Patients are not required to code the system. The
ACCU-CHEK Compact Plus Blood Glucose Meter offers
500-value memory with 7-, 14-, and 30-day averaging,
provides 5-second results, 3 test reminders, event flagging,
and hypo indicator.
For More Information:www.accu-chek.com800-858-8072
NasalCEASE
Marketed by:
Catalina Healthcare (Mendon, NY)
Indication:
NasalCEASE is the
quick and convenient
way to treat nosebleeds.
The nasal
packing is a naturalbased
polymer (calcium
alginate). As
soon as the polymer
comes in contact with blood it releases calcium, a
coagulant, to actively stop the bleeding quickly. The
polymer absorbs up to 20 times its weight, allowing
the individuals to insert the packing and forget about
it until removal 30 minutes later. NasalCEASE does
not tear new clots when removed and there are no
rebleeds that are often caused when using other
items in the nose. NasalCEASE works fast and provides
the convenience that individuals are looking for
in dealing with their nosebleeds.
For More Information:www.nasalcease.com800-650-NOSE (800-650-6673)
AstaREAL Astaxanthin
Marketed by:
Astavita (Burlington, NJ)
Indication:
The company recently introduced
its first completely
vegetarian product in its
line—AstaREAL Astaxanthin.
The product is a natural
carotenoid pigment harvested
from the freshwater
micro algae Haematococcus
pluvialis. Astaxanthin helps
guard against the effects of
excessive free radicals and is
active in many parts of the body, particularly in skeletal
and smooth muscles and the ciliary body in the
eyes. Clinical studies on the health benefits of natural
astaxanthin have indicated an increase in physical
endurance, muscle recovery time, reduction of
inflammation and eye fatigue, cardiovascular, diabetic
support, and skin health.
For More Information:www.astavita.com800-507-4011
Natrapel 8 hour
Marketed by:
Tender Corp (Littleton, NH)
Indication:
Containing 20% of
the active ingredient
picaridin, Natrapel
8 hour offers families
up to 8 hours
of protection from
mosquitoes, black
flies, ticks, and other
biting insects. The
DEET-free repellant
is nonoily, nongreasy,
and offers a mild scent rather than a heavy
repellent smell. Safe for the whole family, Natrapel 8
hour is equally well suited for the backyard or backcountry.
The product is available in a 3.5-oz pump for
$5.99 and 12-piece wipes for $5.99.
For More Information:www.tendercorp.com
