Solves Strips Pediatric Electrolyte StripsMarketed By: Pace Wellness
Pace Wellness has launched Solves Strips Pediatric Electrolyte strips, a dissolvable strip for children 2 years and older designed to quickly replenish electrolytes and aid fluid retention. Each strip contains 35 mg of sodium, and potassium. The product serves as an alternative to pills and liquid medications for children who may have difficulty swallowing or chewing medications.For More Information: SolvesStrips.com
Piz Buin Protect & Cool Refreshing Sun Mousse
Marketed By: Cilag GmbH International
Piz Buin Protect & Cool Refreshing Sun Mousse is an instantly absorbing, nongreasy sun mousse that is available in sun protection factors of 10, 15, and 30. The product should be applied generously and evenly prior to sun exposure, and should be reapplied frequently, especially after sweating, swimming, or toweling. To apply to the face, spray the product into the hands and then apply.For More Information: pizbuin.comCentrum Vitamints 
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
Centrum Vitamints are multivitamins that are a combination of essential nutrients, such as antioxidants, B vitamins, and chromium. They can be taken at any time of day, with or without food, to replenish the body with vitamins and minerals to support energy, metabolism, immunity, and overall well-being.For More Information: centrum.comRobitussin Severe Multi-Symptom Cough Cold + Flu
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
Robitussin Severe Multi-Symptom Cough Cold + Flu is a new enhanced formula intended to soothe irritated and sore throats by relieving cough, cold, and flu symptoms. The product also relieves body aches, fever, nasal congestion, and chest congestion. For adults and children 12 years and older, the recommended dosage is 20 mL every 4 hours. Children younger than 12 years should not use this product.For More Information: robitussin.comSensodyne True White Mint 
Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline
Sensodyne True White Mint toothpaste helps relieve tooth sensitivity while providing a whitening effect. The product features a low-abrasive formula that provides cavity protection, stain prevention, lasting sensitivity protection, and a fresh mint taste. It should be used twice daily.For More Information: us.sensodyne.com
