Fungi-Nail Nailner
Marketed By: Kramer Consumer Healthcare
Kramer Consumer Healthcare has introduced a new cosmetic nail treatment, Fungi-Nail Nailner, as an extension of its leading brand Fungi-Nail. Fungi-Nail Nailner is a unique nail renewal formula that has been shown to revitalize damaged and discolored nails, with noticeable results after just 7 days. Nailner also reduces nail thickness. This fast-drying formula has patent-pending technology that provides quick, visible results by penetrating the nail to whiten and clarify, while restoring a healthy appearance to the nail. Kramer has developed a consumer-preferred “highlighter” applicator pen that provides convenient and mess-free product application.For More Information: fn-nailner.comGold Bond Ultimate Strength & Resilience Skin Therapy Cream
Marketed by: Sanofi Consumer Healthcare
Gold Bond Ultimate Strength & Resilience Skin Therapy Cream helps to replenish and retain skin moisture naturally lost through the aging process. The product is hypoallergenic and includes a blend of 7 plumping moisturizers, vital proteins, and lipids. The cream should be applied daily to skin and can be reapplied as often as needed or desired.For More Information: goldbondultimate.comTheraBreath Mouth Wetting Lozenges
Marketed by: TheraBreath
TheraBreath Mouth Wetting Lozenges contain a proprietary mouth-wetting agent that stimulates saliva production to relieve dry mouth. The lozenges have a citrus mint formula that eliminates any unpleasant tastes or odors in the mouth. The product contains zinc, oxygen, and xylitol to attack the sources of bad breath.For More Information: therabreath.comRolaids Advanced Antacid Plus Anti-Gas
Marketed by: Chattem, Inc
Rolaids Advanced Antacid Plus Anti-Gas Chewable Tablets help to relieve heartburn, sour stomach, acid indigestion, upset stomach, and stomach pressure and bloating due to gas. Patients can chew 2 or 3 tablets as symptoms occur or as directed by a physician. Each bottle contains 60 tablets and comes in a mixed berries flavor.For More Information: rolaids.com
