Vitafusion Extra Strength Biotin
Marketed by: Church & Dwight Co, Inc
Two Vitafusion Extra Strength Biotin gummies provide 5000 mcg of biotin to support the health of hair, skin, and nails and the metabolism of fat, protein, and carbohydrate. The product is available in natural blueberry flavor and is free of gluten and high fructose corn syrup.For More Information: www.gummyvites.com/en/vitafusion/Products/vitafusion-Extra-Strength-BiotinCentrum MultiGummies
Marketed By: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
New Centrum MultiGummies is a multivitamin supplement that is designed to be easy to take and to provide key nutrients that help support energy, immunity, and metabolism. Centrum MultiGummies include essential nutrients, such as vitamins B12, D, and E, and are available in 3 flavors: berry, cherry, and orange. Adults should take 2 gummies daily. The gummies are not formulated for use in children.For More Information: www.centrum.com/centrum-multigummiesArm & Hammer Simply Saline Baby Nasal Swabs
Marketed By: Arm & Hammer
Simply Saline Baby Nasal Swabs are designed to clean, moisturize, and alleviate nasal dryness associated with colds, allergies, asthma, and dry air. The swabs are individually wrapped for portability and hygiene, and contain 2 moisturizers: saline and glycerin. Caregivers should hold the swab with the colored ring pointing upward, bend the colored ring gently until it snaps, and allow 2 seconds for the liquid to flow downward to the opposite tip. A circular motion should be used to swab just inside the nasal opening for as long as needed. The product is safe for all ages.For More Information: www.armandhammer.comNair Precision Kit for Face & Upper Lip
Marketed By: Church & Dwight Co, Inc
Nair Precision Kit for Face & Upper Lip is a 2-step kit that includes a contoured applicator and a gentle moisturizer to soothe skin following treatment. The product should be spread in a thick, even layer over facial hair. If after 5 minutes hair has not come off, the product can be left on for a few additional minutes; the time should not exceed 10 minutes total. Hair and cream should be gently removed with a damp washcloth and the area washed thoroughly with lukewarm water and pat-dried. Rebalancing moisturizer should then be massaged into the skin.For More Information: www.naircare.com
