Rejuva Compression Legwear
	Marketed by: Rejuva and Dr. Comfort
	Rejuva will offer its compression socks, knee-highs, and tights in collaboration with therapeutic footwear manufacturer Dr. Comfort. Rejuva’s compression legwear is available in an assortment of colors and patters, including argyle, chevron, herringbone, and polka dot. The Rejuva line is available in multiple levels of medically correct compression and features a padded heel and toe, as well as a wide top band for comfort. Rejuva’s compression wear line will be available through Dr. Comfort’s distributors at thousands of independent pharmacies nationwide, as well as through www.drcomfort.com.For More Information: www.drcomfort.com; www.shoprejuva.comJunior Strength Cough & Fever Relief Quick Dissolve Tabs
	Marketed by: Similasan USA
	Similasan Junior Strength Cough & Fever Relief Quick Dissolve Tabs is a homeopathic medicine for temporarily relieving a dry or tickling cough, fever, hoarse throat, and nasal congestion due to minor throat or bronchial irritation associated with a cold. The product relieves the cough reflex in the throat and lungs; is formulated without gluten, dye, or artificial flavors; and is nondrowsy. Children 6 years and older should take 1 tablet every 4 hours, up to 6 times per day. Tablets should be chewed or dissolved in the mouth rather than swallowed whole.For More Information: www.similasanusa.comPreparation H Medicated Wipes for Women
	Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
	Preparation H Medicated Wipes for Women are indicated to help relieve local itching and discomfort associated with hemorrhoids, temporarily relieve irritation and burning, and to aid in the protection of irritated anorectal areas. The wipes contain 20% witch hazel as an active ingredient and are infused with chamomile, aloe, and cucumber. Patients should cleanse the affected area by wiping, patting, or blotting up to 6 times per day or after each bowel movement. Preparation H Medicated Wipes for Women can also be used for external vaginal care and as a moist compress.For More Information: www.preparationh.comOne A Day VitaCraves ChewyBites
	Marketed by: Bayer Consumer Healthcare
	One A Day VitaCraves ChewyBites provide nutritional support in a hardshelled, chewy, multivitamin that includes B vitamins and vitamin D, and are available in chocolate brownie and berry chocolate flavors. Each 2-chew serving contains 100% of the daily value of folic acid and vitamins E and B6. Additionally, each serving contains 200% of the daily value of vitamin D and 150% of the daily value of vitamin B12. Adults should take 2 chews daily.For More Information: www.oneaday.comAllegra Allergy Gelcaps
	Marketed by: Chattem, Inc
	Allegra Allergy Gelcaps provide 24-hour relief of symptoms associated with indoor and outdoor allergies: runny nose; sneezing; itchy, watery eyes; and itchy nose or throat. Each gel-coated tablet contains 180 mg of fexofenadine HCl as an antihistamine. Adults and children 12 years and older should take one 180-mg tablet with water once a day, not to exceed 1 tablet in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.allegra.comSport Oxylent
	Marketed by: Vitalah
	Vitalah introduces Sport Oxylent, a supplement drink to support energy, stamina, and recovery for athletes, sports enthusiasts, or those with active lifestyles. It is formulated with electrolytes; antioxidants; vitamins C, D, B6, and B12; and amino acids. It contains no sugar, gluten, soy, dairy, genetically modified organisms, caffeine, or artificial ingredients. Sport Oxylent is available in 30-serving canisters or 15-count stick pack boxes, which can be added to water before, during, or after a workout. Sport Oxylent is available at health food stores nationwide and online.For More Information: www.oxylent.comFirst Response Reproductive Health Multivitamin Gummies
	Marketed by: Church & Dwight Co, Inc
	Church & Dwight Co, Inc, announces the launch of its Reproductive Health Multivitamin Gummies, which will be available in drug, grocery, and mass retailers beginning in April. These gummies not only provide nutrients essential to overall health, they also help to prepare the body for pregnancy. They contain 400 mcg of folic acid, 50 mg of omega-3 DHA, and iodine. The product will be available for $14.99.For More Information: www.firstresponse.com
