Flonase Allergy Relief OTC
Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline
Flonase Allergy Relief OTC provides 24-hour relief of nasal congestion, runny nose, sneezing, itchy nose, itchy eyes, and watery eyes associated with upper respiratory allergies or hay fever. The prescription-strength, nondrowsy formula contains 50 mcg of fluticasone propionate. Patients 12 years or older should administer 2 sprays per nostril per day for the first week of treatment, then 1 spray per nostril daily thereafter. Flonase is available at food, drug, mass market, and warehouse club stores throughout the nation.For More Information: www.flonase.comCeraVe Baby
Marketed by: Valeant Consumer Products
CeraVe Baby was developed with pediatric dermatologists to help protect and maintain baby’s skin barrier. The 3-product line includes Baby Wash & Shampoo, Baby Moisturizing Lotion, and Baby Diaper Rash Cream, all of which are fragrance, paraben, and sulfate-free. The Baby Wash & Shampoo and Baby Moisturizing Lotion have a suggested retail price of $9.99 for 8 oz, and the Baby Diaper Rash Cream has a suggested retail price of $9.99 for a 3-oz tube. The line will be available at Walmart (starting April 14, 2015) and at specialty baby retailers.For More Information: www.cerave.comChildren’s Robitussin Cough & Chest Congestion DM
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
Robitussin Children’s Cough & Chest Congestion DM is formulated to temporarily relieve cough due to minor throat and bronchial irritation that may occur with a cold, and to loosen phlegm and thin bronchial secretions to drain bronchial tubes in children aged 6 to 12 years. Each 5-mL dose contains 5 mg of dextromethorphan HBr, USP, and 100 mg of guaifenesin, USP. The recommended dose for children aged 6 to 11 years is 5 to 10 mL every 4 hours.For More Information: www.robitussin.comSimilasan Junior Strength Immune Support with Echinacea
Marketed by: Similasan Corporation, USA
Similasan Junior Strength Immune Support is a quick-dissolving, chemical-free tablet that stimulates immune system support. It is indicated for children aged 6 to 11 years, and contains 3 types of echinacea. Children should take 1 tablet every 4 hours, up to 6 times a day, or as directed by a licensed health care professional. Children should chew the tablets or allow them to dissolve in the mouth, rather than swallowing them whole. The tablets can also be dissolved in a glass of water.For More Information: www.similasanusa.comBe Well Rounded! Prenatal Vitamin & DHA Supplement 
Marketed by: Healthy Mama Brand
Healthy Mama Brand launches Be Well Rounded!, a dye-free prenatal vitamin and DHA supplement system. It provides 17 essential vitamins and minerals, and 450 mg of DHA. The suggested retail price for a 2-month supply is $29.99. It is available at select Target, Buy Buy Baby, and Harmon stores, and online at Diapers.com, Drugstore.com, Amazon.com, and healthymamabrand.com.For More Information: www.healthymamabrand.com
Zarbee’s Naturals Immune Support 
Marketed by: Zarbee’s Naturals
Zarbee’s Naturals introduces its line of immune support products formulated with natural ingredients, vitamins, and minerals, and without drugs, alcohol, and artificial dyes. The line includes Mighty Bee Immune Support (for children 2 years and older), Daily Bee Immune Support (for children 4 years and older), Baby Immune Support + Vitamins (for children as young as 2 months), and Elderberry Immune Support (for adults, preteens, and teenagers). Additional information on each of the products can be found on the manufacturer’s website.For More Information: www.zarbees.comHello Kids Fluoride Toothpaste
Marketed by: Hello Products
Hello Kids Fluoride Toothpaste is formulated to prevent cavities and strengthen enamel in a formula free of triclosan, dye, alcohol, and artificial ingredients. The toothpaste has received the American Dental Association Seal of Acceptance, is vegan, and is not tested on animals. The toothpaste is available in blue raspberry, bubble gum, and green apple flavors at a suggested retail price of $3.99 each. The line is available exclusively at Target and at Target.com.For More Information: www.hello-products.com
