Aleve PM
Marketed by: Bayer Healthcare LLC
Aleve PM is indicated for occasional sleeplessness associated with minor aches and pains from back or muscle aches, or arthritis pain. Each Aleve PM caplet contains 220 mg of naproxen sodium for pain relief, and 25 mg of diphenhydramine HCl as a sleep aid. Adults and children 12 years and older should take 2 caplets at bedtime with a full glass of water. Patients should not exceed 2 caplets in a 24-hour period. Aleve PM is available at retailers nationwide in 20-, 40-, 80-, and 160-count packages.For More Information: www.AlevePM.comIcy Hot Medicated Micro Patch
Marketed by: Chattem, a Sanofi Company
Icy Hot Medicated Micro Patch offers targeted, temporary relief of minor pain associated with arthritis, backache, bursitis, tendonitis, muscle strains, sprains, bruises, and cramps. Each patch contains menthol 7.5% as a topical analgesic. Patches can be used on the back, shoulder, elbow, neck, knee, and other small areas. The product is applied by folding it in half, removing 1 side of the backing, and applying the exposed adhesive to the skin. Then, the remaining film is removed from the patch, so that application to the skin can be completed.For More Information: www.icyhot.comCetaphil Baby
Marketed by: Galderma Laboratories, LP
Galderma Laboratories introduces its Cetaphil Baby line, which offers a gentle, yet powerful way to protect babies’ skin. The line includes 5 products: Diaper Cream, Wash and Shampoo, Ultra Moisturizing Wash, Daily Lotion, and Moisturizing Oil. The products are paraben-free and mineral oil–free, hypoallergenic, and dermatologist tested. The Cetaphil Baby line is available at select retailers nationwide, including Buy Buy Baby, Babies“R”Us, Amazon.com, Drugstore .com, Diapers.com, and Cetaphil.com.For More Information: www.cetaphil.com/baby-skin-careRobitussin Maximum Strength DM Day/Night Pack
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
Robitussin Maximum Strength DM Day/Night Pack provides cough control during the day and night. The daytime formula is indicated for the relief of cough and chest congestion, and contains 20 mg of dextromethorphan HBr as a cough suppressant and 400 mg of guaifenesin as an expectorant. The nighttime formula includes 30 mg of dextromethorphan HBr as a cough suppressant and 12.5 mg of doxylamine succinate as an antihistamine. The recommended dose for the daytime product is 10 mL every 4 hours, and the recommended dose for the nighttime product is 10 mL every 6 hours.For More Information: www.robitussin.com
