Zim’s Advanced Crack Creme with HydrocortisoneMarketed by: Perfecta Products, Inc
Zim’s Advanced Crack Creme with Hydrocortisone combines arnica and organic aloe with hydrocortisone to temporarily relieve itching and rashes associated with minor skin irritations, including those caused by poison ivy, poison oak, poison sumac, insect bites, and dermatitis. The product can also relieve cracked, dry, or cut hands and feet. Adults and children 2 years and older should apply the product to the affected area no more than 2 or 3 times daily. The suggested retail price for 3 fl oz is $9.99.For More Information: www.zimsusa.comGoGargle! Effervescent Salt Gargle Marketed by: O’Connor Companies, LLC
GoGargle! Effervescent Salt Gargle Tablets are formulated to provide strong, lasting relief; help reduce inflammation; and soothe sore throats, with a refreshing mint flavor. New GoGargle! tablets harness the power of salt and contain honey, chamomile, aloe, and zinc to help soothe and moisturize sore and irritated throats. Gargling is made convenient by simply dissolving 1 tablet in 4 to 6 oz of warm water, and then gargling small sips for 20 to 30 seconds until the liquid is gone.For More Information: www.gogargle.comZicam No Drip Nasal Spray Marketed by: Matrixx Initiatives, Inc
Zicam No Drip Nasal Spray is a zincfree homeopathic formula to provide relief of cold symptoms, including runny nose, scratchy throat, watery eyes, and sneezing. It also relieves congestion by flushing nasal passages. For best results, patients should use the spray at the first sign of a cold, and continue to use it until symptoms subside. Patients should pump the spray 2 times into each nostril every 3 hours, but should not exceed 5 doses during a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.zicam.comRicola Revitalizing Herb DropsMarketed by: Ricola
Ricola Revitalizing Herb Drops provide B vitamins in combination with a mixture of Swiss alpine herbs and ginseng to boost energy when cough or cold symptoms are present. Adults and children 4 years and older should take 2 to 10 drops per day as a dietary supplement. Patients should dissolve drops slowly in their mouths, without biting or chewing the drops. Ricola Revitalizing Herb Drops are available in major food, drug, and mass retailers for a suggested retail price of $3.29 for an 18-count bag.For More Information: www.ricola.comJunior Strength Cold & Mucus Relief Marketed by: Similasan
Similasan Junior Strength Cold & Mucus Relief are quick-dissolving tablets formulated with natural active ingredients to temporarily relieve sneezing, runny nose, cough, fever, and head and chest congestion associated with the common cold. The homeopathic formula is gluten- and dye-free, is nondrowsy, and contains no artificial flavorings. Adults and children 6 years and older should take 1 tablet every 4 hours, up to 6 times a day. Patients should chew tablets or allow them to dissolve in the mouth, rather than swallowing tablets whole. Tablets may also be dissolved in water.For More Information: www.similasanusa.comBoost It Up! Pom CherryMarketed by: healthy mama
Healthy mama brand introduces its second caffeine-free protein energy beverage flavor, Boost It Up! Pom Cherry. Each 12 fl oz–bottle contains 7 g of protein, B vitamins, vitamin D, and 3 g of fiber. It also contains electrolytes to help maintain hydration, stop cramping, and reduce fluid retention in pregnant and nursing mothers. Boost It Up! Pom Cherry sells for a suggested retail price of $3.29 per bottle and $35.53 per case. It is available in retail stores nationwide, including Babies “R” Us, Buy Buy Baby, and select Target stores, as well as online.For More Information: www.healthymamabrand.comZIim's Advanced Hydrocortisone SprayMarketed by: Perfecta Products, Inc
Zim’s Advanced Hydrocortisone Spray temporarily relieves skin irritation and itchiness caused by insect bites, poison ivy, detergents, cosmetics, and other minor skin irritations. It comes in an easy-to-apply spray that evenly coats the affected areas, and prevents the spread of further infection. For adults and children 2 years and older, the spray should be applied to the affected area no more than 2 or 3 times daily. The suggested retail price for a 3.25 fl-oz can is $14.99.For More Information: www.zimsusa.com
