Cold-EEZE Cold Remedy Plus Natural Multi-Symptom Relief Cold & Flu QuickMelts Marketed by: ProPhase Labs
Cold-EEZE Cold Remedy Plus Natural Multi-Symptom Relief Cold & Flu QuickMelts are formulated to relieve cold and flu symptoms, including cough, chest congestion, and sore throat, and are formulated with zinc gluconate, elderberry, boneset, peppermint, myrrah, and licorice. They dissolve quickly in the mouth without water. Each package contains 24 tablets and is available for a suggested retail price of $11.99 to $12.99.For More Information: www.coldeeze.com
	SPATONE PUR-ABSORB APPLEMarketed by: Nelsons
	Spatone pur-Absorb Apple is a liquid iron supplement with 100% natural apple concentrate and vitamin C. Each packet of pur-Absorb Apple contains 5 mg of iron to fulfill daily absorbed iron requirements, while reducing the likelihood of gastrointestinal side effects. It is available at CVS locations in packs of 14 packets at a suggested retail price of $9.95. It is also available at Walgreens and Sprouts locations in packs of 28 packets at a suggested retail price of $19.95.For More Information: www.nelsonsnaturalworld.com

	FRESH GUARD WIPES BY EFFERDENTMarketed by: Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc
	Fresh Guard Wipes by Efferdent are specially formulated to clean retainers, mouth guards, and removable braces, and they offer convenient, on-the-go cleaning without water. The alcohol-free formula leaves a fresh, minty flavor; reduces yellowing; and wipes away mouth film and plaque without damaging or scratching devices. To use the product, patients should open the package, remove and unfold the wipe, remove their dental device, wrap the wipe around the device, and work the wipe into device crevices with their fingers.For More Information: http://freshguardclean.com

	SENSODYNE PRONAMEL MULTI- ACTION TOOTHPASTEMarketed by: GlaxoSmithKline
	Sensodyne ProNamel Multi-Action Toothpaste is formulated to help protect against the effects of acid erosion by rehardening acid-softened enamel. It is also designed to restore natural whiteness (by removing stains), clean and freshen breath, provide cavity protection, and maintain oral health. Patients should consult a dentist if using the product in children younger than 12 years. Patients 12 years and older should apply at least a 1-inch strip of the product to a soft-bristle toothbrush, and brush teeth thoroughly for at least 1 minute, preferably after each meal or at least twice a day.For More Information: www.pronamel.us

	PHILLIPS’ DIGESTIVE HEALTH SUPPORT Marketed by: Bayer Consumer Care
	Phillips’ Digestive Health Support is a daily probiotic that functions like the good bacteria found in 2 parts of the digestive tract to naturally supplement the good bacteria in the digestive tract. Each capsule contains a proprietary blend of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium animalis. Adults should take 1 capsule daily with a meal. Patients who are pregnant or breast-feeding should consult a health professional before use.For More Information: www.phillipsrelief.com
	 

	ADVANCED ACCURACY BLOOD PRESSURE MONITORS
	Marketed by: Omron Healthcare, Inc
	Omron Healthcare, Inc, is announcing a new line of blood pressure monitors that provide more accurate results. The new line captures 5 times more data points for a more precise reading. With more data points captured, inferences such as breathing and movement have less of an impact. Premium units include the easy wrap ComFit cuff, which inflates around the entire arm to avoid incorrect positioning, and Omron’s proprietary algorithm allows for more consistency and precision.For More Information: http://omronhealthcare.com

	DR. SMITH’S DIAPER RASH SPRAYMarketed by: Mission Pharmacal Company
	Dr. Smith’s Diaper Rash Spray soothes, treats, and prevents diaper rash with an easy, touch-free application. The spray contains 10% zinc oxide as an active ingredient. The product is formulated with a propellant that is nonflammable and contains no hydrofluorocarbons or volatile organic compounds. After the diaper area has been cleaned and allowed to dry, the product should be sprayed liberally onto the affected area as often as needed or with each diaper change, especially at bedtime or any time when exposure to a wet diaper may be prolonged.For More Information: www.doctorsmiths.com
