MetaBiotic Probiotic Supplement
Marketed by: Procter & Gamble
MetaBiotic is a 2-in-1 MultiHealth probiotic supplement containing Bio-Active 12, which helps maintain digestive balance and promote a healthy immune system. The recommended dose of 1 capsule per day offers 5 billion live bacteria per colony-forming unit. MetaBiotic is available in a 30-count supply. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.For More Information: www.metawellness.com
QlearQuil
Marketed by: Procter & Gamble
Vicks, the maker of NyQuil and DayQuil, has introduced QlearQuil, a family of OTC medications for the occasional allergy sufferer. QlearQuil treats specific sinus and allergy symptoms when patients need relief, so the product lineup includes daytime, nighttime, and 24-hour relief. The entire lineup offers relief from common sinus and allergy symptoms, such as runny nose; sneezing; itchy, watery eyes; itching of the nose and throat; sinus pressure; and sinus congestion.For More Information: www.Vicks.com; www.Facebook.com/QlearQuil  
Sensodyne Complete Protection
Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline
Sensodyne Complete Protection toothpaste is designed to build a protective layer over the vulnerable areas of teeth while freshening breath, restoring natural whiteness, and providing a clean feeling. With twice-daily brushing, Sensodyne Complete Protection creates a protective layer to prevent pain related to sensitive teeth, strengthens and rehardens enamel, helps protect against plaque, and helps maintain healthy gums. Patients should be sure to thoroughly brush the teeth for at least 1 minute. The product contains 0.454% stannous fluoride as an active ingredient for anticavity, antihypersensitivity, and antigingivitis effects.For More Information: http://us.sensodyne.com
Aid-Tec Medicated Bandage
Marketed by: Aid-Tec, Inc
Aid-Tec contains a bandage with a breakable capsule that releases a dose of therapeutic medicine directly onto the waterproof adhesive bandage. Patients simply apply pressure to the capsule, which releases medication directly onto the bandage pad, and then detach the empty capsule from the bandage. Aid-Tec bandages are available with antiseptic, anticoagulant, antibiotic, antifungal, and wart removal medicines.For More Information: www.aid-tec.com
Beano +Dairy Defense
Marketed by: Prestige Brands, Inc
Beano +Dairy Defense tablets contain 2 natural enzymes to break down complex carbohydrates and lactose found in dairy products, which can otherwise lead to bloating, discomfort, and diarrhea. Each tablet contains alpha-galactosidase and lactase enzyme and is gluten-free. Patients should take 1 chewable tablet prior to a meal to make problem foods easier to digest and to avoid symptoms related to dairy products, beans, vegetables, and other problem foods.For More Information: www.beanogas.com
Unisom Liquid
Marketed by: Chattem, a Sanofi Company
Unisom Liquid is a non–habit-forming sleep aid that is easy to take, providing an option for patients who struggle to swallow pills. Each 30-mL dose contains 50 mg diphenhydramine HCl as a nighttime sleep aid, for the relief of occasional sleeplessness and to reduce the time to fall asleep in patients who have difficulty falling asleep. Unisom Liquid should not be used in patients younger than 12 years, or with any other product containing diphenhydramine, including products used on the skin.For More Information: www.unisom.com
Carmex Cold Sore Treatment
Marketed by: Carma Laboratories, Inc
Carma Laboratories introduces Carmex Cold Sore Treatment, a spot treatment that instantly relieves pain and itching while minimizing a cold sore’s appearance as it heals. Carmex Cold Sore Treatment contains 10% benzocaine to relieve pain and itching, and the proprietary TriPLEX Formula Advanced Technology uses 3 different optical diffusion technol-ogies to bend and refract light, minimizing the appearance of a sore. Carmex Cold Sore Treatment can be found at retailers nationwide for a suggested retail price of $14.99 for a 0.07-oz tube.For More Information: http://mycarmex.com
