NEXIUM 24HRMarketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
Pfizer Inc has introduced Nexium 24HR, an OTC treatment for frequent heartburn. Nexium 24HR is to be used once a day, for 14 days. The pill may take 1 to 4 days for full effect, and the 14-day regimen can be repeated every 4 months. Patients should not take more than 1 Nexium 24HR capsule per day unless directed to do so by a physician. Each delayed-release capsule contains 22.3 mg of esomeprazole magnesium trihydrate as an acid reducer.For More Information: www.nexium24hr.com/usTHERAºPEARL ANKLE/WRIST WRAP WITH ADJUSTABLE STRAPMarketed by: THERAºPEARL
THERAºPEARL has introduced its Ankle/Wrist Wrap with Adjustable Strap, a doctor-designed wrap filled with pliable gel pearls to easily conform to a patient’s body. The wrap can be chilled in a refrigerator or freezer for cold therapy, or heated in the microwave for hot therapy. It holds its therapeutic temperature for 20 minutes. The wrap should be applied to the injured area for 20 minutes, taken off for 20 minutes, and repeated as necessary. The retail price ranges from $11.99 to $13.99.For More Information: www.therapearl.comZARBEE’S NATURALS SEASONAL RELIEFMarketed by: Zarbee’s, Inc
Zarbee’s Naturals Seasonal Relief provides drug-free relief from pollen and congestion for adults and children 12 years and older, without side effects, grogginess, or a foggyheaded feeling. Each tablet contains 40 mg of butterbur leaf extract Ze339, and is gluten- and dairy-free. Adults and children should take 1 tablet as needed, but should not exceed 3 tablets per day. Each package of Zarbee’s Naturals Seasonal Relief contains 10 tablets, and is available at major drugstores, supermarkets, and massmarket retailers.For More Information: www.zarbees.comNATURE MADE SAM-E COMPLETEManufactured by: Pharmavite, LLC
Nature Made’s SAM-e Complete is formulated to replenish naturally occurring molecule SAM-e, which helps maintain healthy emotions. It is available in 200- and 400-mg tablets, which contain 200 or 400 mg of S-adenosylmethionine, respectively. Nature Made SAM-e Complete is formulated without artificial flavors, preservatives, yeast, or gluten. Patients should take 1 tablet per day on an empty stomach, at least 30 minutes before a meal. SAM-e should be avoided when taking St. John’s wort, and should be used with caution in combination with monoamine oxidase inhibitors.For More Information: www.naturemade.com
