ACT Braces Care MouthwashMarketed by: Chattem, a Sanofi company
ACT Braces Care Mouthwash provides specialized care for orthodontic patients by preventing cavities and helping to clean in and around fixed orthodontic appliances. It is also formulated to soothe oral tissue, freshen breath, help prevent white spots, and strengthen teeth. It contains 0.02% neutral sodium fluoride for twice-daily use, and it has 5 gentle cleansers to loosen and remove particles in and around braces. The alcohol-free formula contains aloe and sorbitol to soothe oral tissue.For More Information: www.actoralcare.com/products/act-braces-care/act-braces-care-mouthwashTheraNeem Naturals Neem Spot StickMarketed by: Organix-South
Organix-South introduces TheraNeem Naturals Neem Spot Stick to soothe, soften, and clarify skin. The roll-on applicator makes it convenient to apply, and easy to carry for on-the-go soothing of dry, itchy, skin. It contains Neem oil for fast-action soothing, carrot seed oil to balance oily skin, rose geranium oil as an astringent, tea tree oil to calm skin, eucalyptus oil to clarify and cool skin, and lavender for its soothing, calming, and relaxing aroma.For More Information: www.organixsouth.comFirst Response Early Result Pregnancy TestMarketed by: Church & Dwight Co, Inc
First Response Early Result Pregnancy Test has been reformulated to detect an additional form of the pregnancy hormone, human chorionic gonadotropin beta core fragment, using 2 patent-pending technologies. The easy-to-read test provides results in 3 minutes. The test can be used any time of the day, although patients should note that the first morning urine contains the highest level of pregnancy hormone. The test is available at major drugstores, mass market retailers, and grocery stores nationwide, with a suggested retail value of $8.99 to $15.99.For More Information: www.firstresponse.comFirst Aid Shot Therapy Upset Stomach Liquid ReliefMarketed by: First Aid Shot Therapy
First Aid Shot Therapy introduces Upset Stomach Liquid Relief, a pillfree and easy-to-swallow liquid to relieve upset stomach symptoms, including heartburn, sour stomach, and acid indigestion. Each single-use bottle contains 1250 mg of calcium carbonate to neutralize stomach acid and stop indigestion associated with heartburn, stomachache, and pain. Patients should swallow the contents of 1 bottle as symptoms occur, having shaken the bottle well before use. Patients should not take more than 6 bottles in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.firstaidshottherapy.com
