Ausanil
Marketed by: VR1, Inc
Ausanil, a homeopathic nasal spray, is now available for rapid relief of severe headaches and migraines. It contains Capsicum annuum as an analgesic and Zingiber officinale as an antinausea agent. Patients 18 years and older should prime the pump by depressing it several times before its first use or after prolonged non-use. The product should be sprayed once or twice into each nostril. Patients will experience a stinging sensation in the nose when administering Ausanil, as a result of its action on the sensory nerve in the nose.For More Information: www.ausanil.comChildren’s Zyrtec Dissolve Tabs
Marketed by: McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Children’s Zyrtec Dissolve Tabs are formulated to relieve symptoms of hay fever or other upper respiratory allergies, including runny nose; sneezing; itchy, watery eyes; and itching of the nose or throat. Each tablet contains cetirizine HCl 10 mg as an antihistamine. Adults and children 6 years and older should take one 10-mg tablet once daily, and should not take more than 1 tablet in a 24-hour period. Tablets melt in the mouth and can be taken with or without water.For More Information: www.zyrtec.comAZO Bladder Control
Marketed by: i-Health, Inc
AZO Bladder Control is a drug-free dietary supplement that helps control the need to go to the bathroom. It contains a naturally sourced blend of pumpkin seed extract and soybean isoflavones to help optimize normal bladder activity and bladder strength. For the first 2 weeks, patients should take 1 capsule 3 times per day: once in the morning, once at noon, and once at night. After 2 weeks, patients should take 1 capsule twice daily, once in the morning, and once at night.For More Information: www.azobladder.comEstroven Weight Management
Marketed by: i-Health Inc
Formulated to address the physical changes associated with menopause, Estroven Weight Management contains soy isoflavones and black cohosh to reduce hot flashes and night sweats; Synetrim CQ, a proprietary ingredient to balance serotonin; and an herbal blend of naturally sourced ingredients to support healthy weight management and a healthy lifestyle. The recommended dose is 1 capsule in the morning and 1 capsule in the evening, taken with food.For More Information: www.estroven.com
