FUTURO Deluxe Thumb StabilizerMarketed by: 3M
The FUTURO Deluxe Thumb Stabilizer helps stabilize the lower thumb joint to help relieve pain associated with texting, gaming, or arthritis. It has earned the Arthritis Foundation’s Ease-of-Use Commendation, which recognizes products proven to make life easier for people who have arthritis and other physical limitations. The thumb stabilizer comes with a comfortable thumb sleeve and strap for customizable support, and the nonelastic lacing system with hook tab provides easy, one-step application.For More Information: www.futuro-usa.comCLEAR CARE Cleaning and Disinfecting SolutionMarketed by: Alcon, a Novartis Company
Alcon introduces new packaging for its CLEAR CARE Cleaning and Disinfecting Solution. The specially formulated solution will now have a flip-top cap that is red to help remind patients about the consequences of misusing hydrogen peroxide eye care products. The bottle size will be slightly shorter and wider, and the outside carton dimensions will change, too. There are no changes to the hydrogen peroxide–based contact lens care product, which is specially formulated to deeply clean and disinfect contact lenses.For More Information: www.clearcaresolution.comVamousse Lice TreatmentMarketed by: TyraTech, Inc
Vamousse Lice Treatment is a non- toxic, pesticide-free treatment formulated to kill lice and lice eggs in patients 2 years and older. The mousse-style formula offers a quick and accurate application that is less likely to drip into children’s eyes. The product should be applied to the scalp at 1-inch intervals, until saturated, and then combed through the remaining hair until all hair, the backs of the ears, and the back of the neck have been treated. The treatment can be rinsed out after 15 minutes.For More Information: www.vamousselice.comZyrtec Dissolve TabsMarketed by: McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Zyrtec Dissolve Tabs are indicated for the temporary relief of upper respiratory allergy or hay fever symptoms, including runny nose; sneezing; itchy, watery eyes; and itchy throat or nose. The tablets melt in the mouth and can be taken without water. Adults and children 6 years and older should take one 10-mg tablet once daily and should not take more than one 10-mg tablet in 24 hours. Each tablet contains 10 mg cetirizine HCl.For More Information: www.zyrtec.com
