Zarbee’s Naturals Children’s Nighttime SyrupManufactured by: Zarbee’s Inc
Zarbee’s Naturals Children’s Nighttime Syrup offers soothing relief for coughs and irritated throats, and promotes sleep. It is formulated to be free of drugs, dyes, and gluten. It contains 0.5 mg of melatonin that is not derived from animals, and is available in a grape flavor. Zarbee’s Naturals Children’s Nighttime Syrup is indicated for use in children 2 years and older and is available in a 4–fl oz bottle.For More Information: www.zarbees.comNature Made Energy B12 Adult GummiesManufactured by: Pharmavite, LLC
Nature Made Energy B12 Adult Gummies contain 1000 mcg of vitamin B12 as cyanocobalamin per serving to support cellular energy production, in a form that can be tastier and more pleasant than traditional vitamin tablets. The recommended serving is 2 gummies daily, which provides 16.667% of the recommended daily value of vitamin B12. They contain all-natural cherry and wild berry flavors, with colors derived from natural sources. Nature Made Energy B12 Adult Gummies are made without preservatives or yeast and are also gluten free.For More Information: www.naturemade.comAfter BiteManufactured by: Tender Corporation
After Bite now comes in a new and improved formula incorporating baking soda for maximum comfort and soothing of insect bites and stings. It provides instant relief from the bites and stings of insects such as mosquitoes, fleas, ticks, black flies, and bees. It is also indicated to relieve minor skin irritation and itching due to poison ivy, oak, or sumac exposure. An easy-to-use applicator tip allows quick application with minimal mess. The tube is portable as well, fitting easily in packs, pockets, or purses.For More Information: www.tendercorp.comPreservision AREDS 2 FormulaMarketed by: Bausch + Lomb
PreserVision AREDS 2 eye vitamin and mineral supplement matches the updated formula based on the latest clinical evidence from the National Eye Institute (NEI) Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 (AREDS2). PreserVision AREDS 2 contains the exact same levels of all 6 clinically proven nutrients recommended by the NEI to reduce the risk of progression for people with moderate to advanced age-related macular degeneration: vitamin C (500 mg), vitamin E (400 IU), lutein (10 mg)/zeaxanthin (2 mg), zinc (80 mg), and copper (2 mg).For More Information: www.bausch.com/our-products/eye-vitamins/age-related-eye-vitamins-landing/preservision-eye-vitamins-2/Gold Bond Ultimate Eczema Relief CreamMarketed by: Chattem, a Sanofi company
Gold Bond Ultimate Eczema Relief Cream is indicated to alleviate itching, reduce dryness, minimize scaling and peeling, soothe roughness, and diminish redness and irritation that can result from eczema. It contains 2% colloidal oatmeal to protect skin and help relieve minor skin irritation and itching, vitamin E to enhance the protective function of skin and to minimize lipid loss, and aloe to soothe skin. It should be applied daily as needed to affected areas.For More Information: www.goldbondultimate.comOmega BoostMarketed by: Nordic Naturals
Nordic Naturals introduces Omega Boost, which provides children and adults with 525 mg of omega-3s per teaspoon serving to support heart, brain, and mood health. The sugar-free, tropical mango–flavored formula is made from purified fish oil from anchovies and sardines and contains 270 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid, 165 mg of docosahexaenoic acid, and 90 mg of other omega-3s. The recommended serving is 1 teaspoon daily, with food, or as directed by a health care professional or pharmacist. Each 6-oz bottle contains 35 servings and has a convenient flip cap for easy pouring.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.comPedialyte AdvancedCareMarketed by: Abbott Laboratories
Pedialyte AdvancedCare is designed to prevent dehydration due to diarrhea and vomiting, and also contains prebiotics to promote digestive health. For children 1 year and older, Pedialyte AdvancedCare should be offered every 15 minutes, increasing the serving size as tolerated, for as long as diarrhea is present. Parents should consult their physician about using the product in children younger than 1 year. It is available in blue raspberry and cherry punch flavors. After opening, it should be refrigerated and used within 48 hours.For More Information: www.pedialyte.com
