Nasacort Allergy 24HR Nasal SprayManufactured by: Chattem, a Sanofi Company
Sanofi and its US consumer health care division (Chattem) have announced that Nasacort 24HR Nasal Spray is now available over the counter to relieve a full range of seasonal and year-round nasal allergy symptoms in adults and children 2 years and older. It contains triamcinolone acetonide as a nasal allergy symptom reliever to temporarily relieve nasal congestion, runny nose, sneezing, and itchy nose that can be associated with hay fever or upper respiratory allergies. It is available in a 60- or 120-spray bottle.For More Information: www.nasacort.comSafetussin PM
Manufactured by: Kramer Consumer Healthcare
Safetussin PM provides safe and effective cough relief for patients with high blood pressure or diabetes, and can also be used in patients without these conditions. It is free of decongestants, sugars, alcohols, dyes, and gluten. It contains dextromethorphan 7.5 mg as a cough suppressant and doxylamine succinate 3.125 mg as an antihistamine. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 4 teaspoons every 6 hours. Patients should consult a physician about using the product in children 4 to 12 years of age, and it should not be used in patients younger than 4 years.For More Information: www.safetussin.comCetaphil Gentle Skin Cleansing Cloths
Manufactured by: Galderma Laboratories, LP
Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleansing Cloths bring the classic Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser to a convenient, single-use cloth. The cloths are dermatologist developed and tested, and ophthalmologist tested, to leave skin feeling fresh and clean without disturbing the skin’s natural pH balance. The cloths can be used to remove makeup or impurities, without the need to rinse after use, and without irritating skin. The cloths are fragrance free, noncomedogenic, and hypoallergenic. Packages contain 25 pre-moistened cloths.For More Information: www.cetaphil.comCrest Be
Manufactured by: Procter & Gamble
Crest has introduced Be, a new line of toothpastes combining cleansing benefits with unexpected flavors. Each of the 3 toothpastes in the Crest Be line provides effective cavity protection, cleaning, breath freshening, and whitening capabilities. Crest Be is available in flavors of Lime Spearmint Zest, Vanilla Mint Spark, and Mint Chocolate Trek. Crest Be toothpastes were released during the first week in February for a suggested retail price of $4.99. They can be found in drugstores and mass retailers nationwide as well as online.For More Information: www.crest.com/beNordic Probiotic
Manufactured by: Nordic Naturals
Nordic Naturals introduces Nordic Probiotic—an allergen-free probiotic containing no dairy, wheat, gluten, corn, or soy—which can be used by patients with digestive issues or food sensitivities. It contains 12 billion active live cultures, including Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS-1, along with prebiotics, to help support friendly bacteria growth and promote digestive system balance. It is packaged in 60-count bottles, and the highly stable formula requires no refrigeration. The recommended dose is 2 capsules daily, before meals, preferably in the morning or as directed by a health care professional or pharmacist.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.comGood to Go
Manufactured by: WELax, LLC
Good to Go is a simple, 4-day regimen of gentle, all-natural ingredients to prevent constipation while traveling. Each box contains 16 all-natural capsules containing a blend of bulk, stimulant, and osmotic laxative ingredients, including psyllium husk and chia seed powder, prune and apricot extract, aloe vera and senna leaf powder, and naturally occurring magnesium. Patients should take 2 am capsules in the morning with a full glass of water, and 2 pm capsules at night with another full glass of water, until the pack is completed.For More Information: www.BeGoodToGo.comBreathe Right Nasal Strips Extra Clear for Sensitive Skin
Manufactured by: GlaxoSmithKline
Breathe Right Nasal Strips Extra Clear for Sensitive Skin contain an extra spring-like band and are 50% stronger than Breathe Right Original Tan Nasal Strips, to provide extra help in opening nasal passages. The drug-free strips are indicated to instantly relieve nasal congestion by lifting nasal passages and opening the nose to improve airflow. The nasal strips are available in 10- and 26-count packages at supermarkets, pharmacies, and major retail stores, and online.For More Information: www.breatheright.com
