EarMuffers EarplugsMarketed by: MMear Tech LLC
EarMuffers earplugs offer a noninvasive, comfortable, and securely fitting alternative to traditional earplugs. Rather than being inserted directly into the ear canal, EarMuffers are placed outside the ear. The peel-and-stick design allows users to place the soft foam pad on top of the tragus to reduce noise. EarMuffers are held in place on the outside of the ear using a medical-grade adhesive, are disposable, and provide a noise reduction rating of 33. They are available online and at select retail and pharmacy locations.For More Information: www.earmuffers.com
FLUNADA Marketed by: STS Health
FluNada is a homeopathic throat and nasal spray intended to provide non-drowsy relief from cold and flu-like symptoms, including runny or blocked nose, sore throat, cough, body aches, and pain. The zinc-free formula contains elderberry, mint, eucalyptus, and gaultheria in a spray-and-go formula. It is intended for use in adults and in children 4 years and older, but should not be used in patients who are pregnant or breast-feeding, who have asthma, or who have a history of nosebleeds. It can be used up to 4 times per day for 5 days.For More Information: www.stshealth.com/flunada
NATURE MADE MULTI + OMEGA-3 ADULT GUMMIESMarketed by: Pharmavite LLC
Nature Made Multi + Omega-3 Adult Gummies provide key nutrients, including vitamin A, vitamin C, vitamin D, vitamin E, folic acid, niacin, vitamin B6, and zinc, as well as heart-healthy omega-3s such as DHA and EPA. The recommended dose is 2 gummies daily. Nature Made Multi + Omega-3 Adult Gummies contain all-natural strawberry, lemon, and orange flavors and are made without synthetic dyes, preservatives, yeast, or gluten. The gummies are available in a 90-count bottle.For More Information: www.naturemade.com
PEDIACARE SINGLE DOSE FEVER REDUCER/PAIN RELIEVER ACETAMINOPHEN ORAL SUSPENSIONMarketed by: Prestige Brands, Inc
PediaCare Single Dose Fever Reducer/Pain Reliever Acetaminophen Oral Suspension is indicated for the temporary relief of fever and minor aches and pains. It is available in a 0.25–fluid ounce package for children 4 to 5 years of age and a 0.34–fluid ounce package for children 6 to 8 years of age. Each dose provides 160 mg of acetaminophen, regardless of formulation, and is cherry flavored. The recommended dose is 1 packet every 4 hours while symptoms last, and the medicine should not be given more than 5 times in 24 hours.For More Information: www.pediacare.comZARBEE’S NATURALS BABY COUGH SYRUP Marketed by: Zarbee’s Inc
Zarbee’s Naturals Baby Cough Syrup is a natural, drug-free remedy to calm coughs and soothe sore throats. It is formulated without honey; contains no drugs, dyes, or gluten; and can be used in babies 2 months and older. The recommended dose is 3 mL for patients 2 to 5 months of age, 4 mL for patients 6 to 11 months of age, and 5 mL for patients 1 year and older. Zarbee’s Naturals Baby Cough Syrup can be administered every 4 hours or as directed by a physician.For More Information: www.zarbees.comMEDERMA PM
Marketed by: Merz Pharmaceuticals, LLC
Mederma PM is formulated to work at night, when skin regenerates faster, to improve the color, size, texture, and overall appearance of scars from injury, surgery, burns, and acne, helping them to appear softer, smoother, smaller, and less visible. Its skin-nourishing complex, Tripeptol, contains peptides, collagen, and antioxidants to promote healthy-looking skin, in a non-greasy formula that is safe for sensitive skin. Mederma PM should be applied evenly and gently rubbed into scars once nightly for 8 weeks on new scars, or once nightly for 3 to 6 months on existing scars.For More Information: www.mederma.comROBITUSSIN MAXIMUM STRENGTH NIGHTTIME COUGH DM Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
Robitussin Maximum Strength Nighttime Cough DM is indicated for the temporary relief of cough caused by minor throat and bronchial irritation that may occur with a cold, as well as similar symptoms caused by hay fever or upper respiratory allergies. It contains dextromethorphan HBr, USP 30 mg as a cough suppressant and doxylamine succinate, USP 12.5 mg as an antihistamine. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 10 mL every 6 hours. It is available in 4- and 8-oz sizes.For More Information: www.robitussin.comCOLD-EEZE COLD REMEDY PLUS NATURAL IMMUNE SUPPORT WITH NATURAL ENERGY QUICKMELTSMarketed by: ProPhase Labs, Inc
Cold-EEZE Cold Remedy Plus Natural Immune Support With Natural Energy QuickMelts is formulated to shorten the duration of colds and promote immune health, while restoring energy. Each QuickMelt tablet contains zinc gluconate, rose hips, and Echinacea, which dissolve quickly in the mouth without water. The recommended dose is 1 tablet every 2 to 4 hours as needed until symptoms subside, with a recommended daily dose of 6 tablets for adults.For More Information: www.coldeeze.comOMEGAGENICS MEGA 10
Marketed by: Metagenics, Inc
Metagenics, Inc, has launched OmegaGenics Mega 10, an omega fatty acid supplement combining specially designed levels of purified omega-7s and omega-3s to provide targeted support for healthy blood lipid levels and general cardiovascular health. OmegaGenics Mega 10 provides 105 mg of palmitoleic acid, which is purified to remove palmitic acid, and a concentrated, 500-mg dose of EPA and DHA. Each easy-to-swallow softgel is lemon flavored and is available in a container of 60 softgels, which provides 60 servings.For More Information: www.metagenics.comSPF RX REVERSING ENVIRONMENTAL & SUN DAMAGE KIT
Marketed by: Cal Pharma
Cal Pharma’s 4-step sun and environmental kit promises to protect skin from harmful ultraviolet rays while brightening the complexion and treating age spots and other signs of premature aging. It includes SPF 35 with Antiaging Peptides to protect and hydrate skin and correct sun and environmental damage; Skin Brightening Cream to moisturize and treat age spots, uneven skin tone, and melasma; Vitamin C Serum to correct skin damage; and SPF 30 Advanced Eye Remedy to protect the delicate area around the eyes from the sun and to repair skin damage. The kit’s price is $39.For More Information: www.calpharma.com
