Nature Made Adult Gummies Immune Complex with ZincMarketed by: Pharmavite LLC
Nature Made Adult Gummies Immune Complex with Zinc contains key nutrients to support the body’s natural defenses. It contains vitamin D to support bone and immune health, vitamin C to support immune system health, vitamin E to protect cells from oxidative damage, vitamin A to support vision and immune system health, and Zinc. Nature Made Adult Gummies Immune Complex with zinc contains no preservatives or yeast, and is also gluten free. It is available in an all-natural mixed berries flavor for a suggested retail price of $5.49.For More Information: www.naturemade.comOxytrol for WomenMarketed by: Merck Consumer Care, Inc
Merck Consumer Care introduces Oxytrol for Women, an OTC patch for the relief of overactive bladder symptoms. The thin, flexible patch can be applied directly to the abdomen, hip, or buttock to provide relief from urinary incontinence, urgency, and frequency. Patches deliver 3.9 mg of oxybutynin continuously for 4 days and nights to help relax the bladder muscle. Patients should open 1 pouch, apply immediately to clean, dry, smooth skin, and replace after 4 days. Used patches should be folded in half with the sticky sides together and thrown away.For More Information: www.oxytrolforwomen.comDayQuil SevereMarketed by: Procter & Gamble
Vicks introduces DayQuil Severe, a non-drowsy cold and flu medicine to relieve 8 symptoms of illness. Each dose contains acetaminophen 650 mg as an analgesic, dextromethorphan HBr 20 mg as a cough suppressant, phenylephrine HCI 10 mg as a decongestant, and guaifenesin 400 mg as an expectorant. DayQuil Severe is available in liquid and caplets. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 30 mL every 4 hours. Patients should not exceed 4 doses in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.vicks.comNyQuil SevereMarketed by: Procter & Gamble
Vicks introduces NyQuil Severe, a 4-active-ingredient medicine to treat nighttime cold and flu symptoms. It contains acetaminophen 650 mg as an analgesic and antipyretic, dextromethorphan HBr 20 mg as a cough suppressant, phenylephrine HCl 10 mg as a decongestant, and doxylamine succinate 25 mg as an antihistamine. NyQuil Severe is available in liquid only. Dosing for adults and children 12 years and older is 30 mL every 4 hours. Patients should not exceed 4 doses in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.vicks.comSudafed 12 Hour Pressure+PainMarketed by: McNEIL-PPC, Inc
McNEIL-PPC’s Sudafed 12 Hour Pressure+Pain is formulated to relieve the following cold, sinus, and flu symptoms: sinus pressure, minor aches and pains, headache, nasal and sinus congestion, and fever. Each caplet contains naproxen sodium 220 mg and pseudoephedrine HCl 120 mg, extended-release. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 1 caplet every 12 hours, swallowed whole with a full glass of water. This product should not be used by children younger than 12 years.For More Information: www.sudafed.comGoody’s Headache Relief ShotMarketed by: Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc
Goody’s, a well-known analgesic brand in the Southeast, introduces Goody’s Headache Relief Shot to provide a portable, all-in-one solution to headache pain. The easy-to-drink shot is indicated for the relief of aches and pains associated with headache, sore throat, muscle aches, minor arthritis pain, cold and flu, and toothache. Each 60-mL shot contains 1000 mg of acetaminophen as a pain reliever and 65 mg of caffeine as a pain reliever aid. The shots are available in citrus and berry flavors.For More Information: www.goodysheadachereliefshot.comTheraNeem Naturals Chest RubMarketed by: Organix-South
Organix-South introduces TheraNeem Naturals Chest Rub, a bronchial support cream containing aromatics including neem, tea tree oil, eucalyptus, and menthol. It offers support for minor bronchial irritations that can occur during cold and flu season. It also contains the antioxidant-rich botanicals holy basil and ashwagandha to protect the skin. The rub can be applied to the chest, throat, or back or under the nose for a soothing effect. It is available in a 3.77-oz jar that carries the cruelty-free logo.For More Information: www.organixsouth.com
