Nature Made VitaMelts Hair, Skin, and NailsMarketed by: Pharmavite, LLC
Nature Made VitaMelts Hair, Skin, and Nails is formulated with 2500 mcg of biotin and 60 mg of vitamin C in each 2-tablet serving. Biotin may help support healthy hair, skin, and nails, and vitamin C supports collagen production and a healthy immune system. Tablets are designed to dissolve smoothly in the mouth without water, allowing them to be taken anywhere. VitaMelts Hair, Skin, and Nails comes in a natural strawberry lemonade flavor.For More Information: www.naturemade.com
EarPlanes for Kids
Marketed by: Cirrus Healthcare Products
Cirrus Healthcare Products has released a new version of its EarPlanes for Kids earplugs, featuring characters from Disney’s “Planes” movie. EarPlanes for Kids are designed specifically for air travel to reduce clogging, popping, pain, or temporary hearing loss that can result from ear pressure changes. The earplugs are hypoallergenic and latex-free, and they feature an exclusive CeramX filter to regulate ear pressure naturally. EarPlanes for Kids are available at major drug, mass market, and airport retailers for an average retail price of $8.For More Information: www.cirrushealthcare.com
Efferdent Power Clean Crystals Marketed by: Prestige Brands
Efferdent Power Clean Crystals are formulated to clean stains and kill odor-causing bacteria that can accumulate on dentures, retainers, mouth guards, and removable braces. Patients should empty the contents of 1 packet into very warm water, and place their device into the water, ensuring it is fully submerged. After 3 minutes, patients should remove the device and rinse thoroughly. Devices can also be brushed using the cleanser solution and rinsed again for further cleaning. The solution should be thrown out after use.For More Information: www.efferdent.com
Hello Products Toothbrush
Marketed by: Hello Products
Hello Products offers an earth-friendly take on oral care with toothbrushes to accompany its oral care line of toothpaste, mouthwash, and breath spray. The toothbrush handles are made with a combination of recycled polypropylene and biodegradable corn resin and are available with blue, green, pink, or red bristles. The toothbrushes and other hello oral care products are available nationwide at Walgreens, Duane Reade, and select Target stores as well as at drugstore.com.For More Information: www.hello-products.com
Balmex Adult Care Rash Cream
Marketed by: Chattem Inc
Balmex Adult Care Rash Cream offers long-lasting relief from adult rash that can result from bladder leakage. It is formulated to soothe and protect skin from irritation, chafing, and rash while remaining odor free. It contains an exclusive ActivGuard technology to neutralize skin-irritating enzymes, vitamin E for soothing relief, and zinc oxide to treat irritated skin and seal out wetness. Patients should cleanse the affected skin and pat dry before generously applying Balmex to the affected area as needed. Excess product can be removed using a dry tissue.For More Information: www.balmexadult.com 
ThermaCare Joint Therapy Cold Wraps
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare
ThermaCare Joint Therapy Cold Wraps deliver constant, comfortable cold therapy for up to 30 minutes per application. The wraps are meant to provide temporary relief of swelling, minor muscular and joint aches, and pains that can result from overexertion, sprains, and arthritis. Wraps should be frozen prior to use, placed over the affected area with the blue gel packs toward the skin, and secured with the wrap. Wraps should not be applied longer than 30 minutes per session and should be refrozen before each use.For More Information: www.thermacare.com 
Mucinex Fast-Max DM Max Liquid
Marketed by: Reckitt Benckiser
Mucinex Fast Max DM Max Liquid is indicated to help loosen phlegm and thin bronchial secretions to make coughs more productive and temporarily relieve cough that results from minor throat and bronchial irritation. It is also indicated to relieve the intensity of cough and suppress the impulse to cough. It contains dextromethorphan HBr 20 mg as a cough suppressant and guaifenesin 400 mg as an expectorant. Adults and children 12 years and older should take 20 mL every 4 hours and should not exceed 6 doses in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.mucinex.com
