Irritable Bowel Syndrome Therapy Homeopathic Fast Dissolving TabletsMarketed by: TRP Company
Irritable Bowel Syndrome Therapy Homeopathic Fast Dissolving Tablets offers a remedy for diarrhea, bloating, constipation, flatulence, irritability, abdominal pain, irregularity, and cramping associated with irritable bowel syndrome. Patients should dissolve 1 tablet under the tongue 3 times per day or as directed by a physician. Tablets should be taken at least 10 minutes prior to or 10 minutes after eating or drinking. Tablets should not be chewed or swallowed whole.For More Information: www.trpcompany.comTom’s of Maine Juicy Mint Children’s Anticavity Fluoride RinseMarketed by: Tom’s of Maine
Tom’s of Maine Juicy Mint Children’s Anticavity Fluoride Rinse offers additional cavity protection to supplement brushing. It features natural fruit flavors with a hint of mint and is made without artificial sweeteners, dyes, and flavors. It contains 0.0442% sodium fluoride for decay prevention, glycerin as a moisturizer, aloe barbadensis leaf for a smooth feel, xylitol for flavor, and sodium phosphate as a pH buffer. It is available for a suggested retail price of $4.99.For More Information: www.tomsofmaine.comMucinex Fast-Max Cold & Sinus Caplets Marketed by: Reckitt Benckiser
Mucinex Fast-Max Cold & Sinus is designed to relieve headache, fever, and nasal and chest congestion and to break up mucus resulting from cold and sinus symptoms. Each caplet contains 325 mg acetaminophen as a pain reliever, 200 mg guaifenesin as an expectorant, and 5 mg phenylephrine HCl as a nasal decongestant. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 2 caplets every 4 hours, not to exceed 12 caplets in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.mucinex.comIcy Hot Advanced Pain Relief Patch
Marketed by: Chattem Inc
Icy Hot Advanced Pain Relief Patch offers long-lasting relief of minor pain in a patch made of flexible, no-mess fabric. It is indicated for the temporary relief of minor pain associated with arthritis, simple backache, muscle strains, sprains, bruises, and cramps. Each patch contains 7.5% menthol as a topical analgesic, and patches can be used for up to 12 hours, once daily. It is indicated for use by adults and children 12 years and older.For More Information: www.icyhot.comDepend Guards for Men
Marketed by: Kimberly-Clark
Depend Guards for Men offer maximum protection from large surges and feature a discreet, cup-shaped protection suited to fit a man’s body. Depend Guards adhere to a patient’s own underwear, and are individually packaged in a pocket-sized wrap. The guards also incorporate odor control and leak barriers to provide additional protection. To use, patients adhere the guard to the front of boxers or briefs, ensuring that the arrow faces up.For More Information: www.depend.com Arctic Ease Cold Therapy Wraps
Marketed by: Arctic Ease, LLC
Arctic Ease provides cryotherapy and compression for baby boomers, weekend warriors, and athletes that can be used before, during, or after exercise. The wraps remain cold for up to 3 hours, cooling skin to the optimal healing temperature of 59 degrees, and can be reused as needed. To reuse the wrap, reroll it from the outside in, add either 2 tablespoons of water or 1 ice cube to the wrap container, and seal the container. Wraps can be used again after 2 to 3 hours.For More Information: www.arcticease.com BeKoool Itch Relief Patches
Marketed by: Kobayashi Healthcare, LLC
BeKoool Itch Relief Patches are single-use patches to temporarily relieve pain and itching associated with insect bites, poison ivy, and minor skin irritations. The medicated patches are nearly invisible on the skin, protect the irritated area, and prevent scratching. The patches contain 2% lidocaine and 1% menthol as active ingredients. A single patch should be applied directly to the affected area 1 to 3 times daily for up to 5 hours. If itching persists, a new patch can be applied.For More Information: www.bekoool.com
