Similasan Kids Irritated Eye ReliefMarketed by: Similasan USA
Similasan Kids Irritated Eye Relief is indicated to temporarily relieve minor symptoms of eye irritation in children, including redness, dryness, burning, gritty sensations, and excessive watering due to environmental pollutants or exposure to wind or sun. It contains belladonna, euphrasia, hepar sulphuris, and thuja, and is formulated to be gluten and dairy free. Recommended dosage is 1 to 2 drops into each eye as needed. Drops should not be used in children younger than 2 years.For More Information: www.similasanusa.comMucinex Fast-Max Cold, Flu & Sore Throat CapletsMarketed by: Reckitt Benckiser
Mucinex Fast-Max Cold, Flu & Sore Throat Caplets are formulated to relieve headache, fever, and sore throat; control cough; relieve nasal and chest congestion; and break up mucus that can occur with colds and flu. Each caplet contains 325 mg acetaminophen, 10 mg dextromethorphan HBr, 200 mg guaifenesin, and 5 mg phenylephrine HCl. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 2 caplets every 4 hours. It is available in 20- or 30-count boxes.For More Information: www.mucinex.comIcy Hot Advanced Pain Relief CreamMarketed by: Chattem Inc
Icy Hot Advanced Pain Relief Cream contains 2 maximum strength pain relievers to temporarily alleviate minor pain from arthritis, simple backache, muscle strains, sprains, bruises, and cramps. It contains 11% camphor and 16% menthol as topical analgesics to provide fast and long-lasting relief. Adults and children 12 years and older should apply a thin layer to the affected area, massaging until it is thoroughly absorbed into the skin. It should be applied no more than 3 to 4 times daily. Icy Hot Advanced Pain Relief Cream is available in a 2-oz tube.For More Information: www.icyhot.comSt. Joseph Infants’ Gas Relief DropsMarketed by: Ilex Consumer Products Group
St. Josephs Infants’ Gas Relief Drops work to quickly break down gas bubbles that can result from swallowing air, certain formulas, or food. It contains simethicone for gas relief, which should be administered orally using the enclosed syringe. Dosage is according to a child’s age and weight, and can be administered after meals or at bedtime, or as directed by a physician. It can be mixed with water, instant formula, or other suitable liquids and should not be administered more than 12 times per day.For More Information: http://stjosephproducts.comNature Made Vitamin D Adult GummiesMarketed by: Pharmavite LLC
Nature Made Vitamin D Adult Gummies are designed to support bone, joint, immune, and heart health and offer a tasty, pleasant way to take daily vitamin D. The recommended dosage is 2 gummies daily, providing 2000 IU of Vitamin D3 as cholecalciferol for more effective maintenance of Vitamin D levels. Gummies are available in all-natural peach, mango, and strawberry varieties. Colors are derived from natural sources and the vitamins contain no synthetic dyes and are free of preservatives, yeast, and gluten.For More Information: www.naturemade.comAllegra Anti-Itch Cooling Relief CreamMarketed by: Chattem Inc
Allegra Anti-Itch Cooling Relief Cream is now available in drug, grocery, and mass market stores nationwide, offering itch relief from reactions to skin irritation. The Allegra Anti-Itch Cooling Relief Cream provides fast, cooling relief for hot, itchy skin, while also providing temporary relief from the pain and itching associated with insect bites, irritations, sunburns, and rashes due to poison ivy, poison oak, or poison sumac. It is indicated for adults and children 2 years and older.For More Information: www.allegra.comhello Breath sprayMarketed by: Hello Products
Hello Breath Spray is a highly portable, alcohol-free breath spray designed for on-the-go use. A twist-and-lock functionality ensures that users know the spray is closed after use, and it is small enough to fit in a hand, purse, or pocket. Sprays are available in supermint, pink grapefruit mint, mojito mint, and sweet cinnamint flavors. It is available nationwide at Walgreens, Duane Reade, and select Target stores, and online at drugstore.com.For More Information: http://hello-products.com/Citracal Sugar Free Chocolate ChewsMarketed by: Bayer HealthCare
Citracal Sugar Free Chocolate Chews offer a delicious and convenient way of meeting daily calcium needs and supporting bone health. Each 16-calorie soft chew contains 500 mg of calcium to maintain strong bones, 1000 IU vitamin D3 to assist with calcium absorption, and 40 mcg of vitamin K. It is formulated to be sugar free and gluten free. The recommended serving is 1 soft chew twice daily with food, or as recommended by a pharmacist or health care professional.For More Information: www.citracal.comDepend Shields For MenMarketed by: Kimberly-Clark
Depend Shields for Men offer an ultra-thin, discreet method to guard against drips and dribbles from light bladder leakage that can result from prostate cancer treatment or other factors. Depends Shields for Men adhere to a patient’s own underwear, are shaped to fit a man’s body, and are individually packaged in a pocket-sized wrap. They also incorporate odor control, allowing patients to go through their day confidently. To use, patients adhere the shield to the front of boxer briefs or briefs with the narrow end down.For More Information: www.depend.comHyland’s MenopauseMarketed by: Hyland’s, Inc
Hyland’s Menopause is a homeopathic formula for the relief of symptoms of menopause onset, including hot flashes, irritability, and moodiness. It is meant to stimulate the body’s natural healing response, and can be used in conjunction with other medications. Hyland’s Menopause includes amyl nitrosum 3x HPUS, sanguinaria canadensis 3x HPUS, and lachesis mutus 12x HPUS in a lactose base. It is available in bottles of 100 quick-dissolving tablets. Hyland’s products are available in select drug stores and natural food markets.For More Information: www.hylands.comFirst Response Daily Digital Ovulation TestMarketed by: Church & Dwight Co, Inc
First Response’s Daily Digital Ovulation Test offers innovative technology to help patients track peak fertility days when patients are most likely to conceive. The test detects a patient’s personal luteinizing hormone surge, and includes 20 ovulation test sticks and a digital reader. The digital reader stores a patient’s hormone levels to help determine when a patient is most likely to conceive, and provides clear yes/no results to help determine fertile days.For More Information: www.firstresponse.comDramamine Less DrowsyMarketed by: Prestige Brands
Dramamine Less Drowsy is indicated to provide relief from nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness for up to 24 hours in a formula that does not cause drowsiness. Each tablet contains 25 mg meclizine HCL as an antiemetic. It is indicated for adults and children 12 years and older. The recommended dose is 1 to 2 tablets once daily or as directed by a doctor. The first dose should be taken 1 hour before activity.For More Information: www.dramamine.com
