Icy Hot Arthritis Lotion Marketed by: Sanofi US (Bridgewater, NJ) and Chattem Inc (Chattanooga, TN)Indication: Icy Hot Arthritis Lotion offers temporary relief of minor pain from arthritis, backaches, muscle strains, sprains, bruises, cramps, and other conditions in a topical lotion. It contains 4% camphor and 16% menthol as topical analgesics. Adults and children 12 years and older are directed to apply the lotion to the affected area until it is absorbed into the skin, and to repeat up to 4 times per day. Patients should be warned not to bandage skin tightly or use with a heating pad, and to wash hands with soap and cool water after use.For More Information: www.icyhot.comNature Made Full Strength Mini Multi For Her 50+ Marketed by: Pharmavite LLC (Mission Hills, CA)Indication: Nature Made Full Strength Mini Multi for Her 50+ offers a complete line of key nutrients for women 50 years and older in an easy-to-swallow soft gel. It contains extra amounts of antioxidant vitamins C and E to protect against free radical damage, and extra vitamin D to support heart, immune, and muscle health. It is formulated without iron to reflect the decrease in iron requirements during aging. Additional vitamins include A, K, B6, B12, niacin, thiamin, riboflavin, zinc, calcium, and folic acid.For More Information: www.naturemade.comCaltrate Gummy Bites Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (Madison, NJ)Indication: Pfizer Consumer Health Care introduces Caltrate Gummy Bites, a chewable vitamin supplement that delivers calcium and vitamin D to maintain healthy, strong bones. The bites are fruit-flavored in black cherry, orange, and strawberry varieties, in 50- and 100-count bottles. Each bite contains 800 IU vitamin D3, 500 mg calcium, 230 mg phosphorus and 22 mg sodium. The recommended dose is 2 gummy bites twice daily, with or with out food, or as directed by a physician. The gummy bites are not formulated for children younger than 13 years.For More Information: www.caltrate.comEnsure CompleteMarketed by: Abbott Nutrition (Abbott Park, IL)Indication: Ensure Complete is a nutrient supplement shake for adults to meet daily dietary needs. It is created to provide daily muscle, heart, immune system, and bone support. It contains 13 g of protein; Revigor, a proprietary amino acid metabolite; 650 mg of omega-3s; prebiotics; the antioxidants vitamin C, vitamin E, and selenium; vitamin D; and calcium. It also contains 3 g of fiber for digestive tract health. Gluten and lactose free, it is available at supermarkets, pharmacies, and mass market retailers in milk chocolate and vanilla flavors.For More Information: www.ensure.comBlistex Simple and Sensitive Marketed by: Blistex Inc (Oak Brook, IL)Indication: Blistex Simple and Sensitive is a flavor-free, fragrance-free, color-free, and hypoallergenic lip moisturizer for those with sensitive skin or lips. It contains just 6 ingredients, selected to moisturize without irritation. It contains cocoa butter to moisturize, sunflower seed oil to soothe irritation, jojoba oil to smooth and soften lips, vitamin E as an antioxidant, microcrystalline wax for texture, and phenoxyethanol as a preservative. It is available through online retailers, pharmacies, and select supermarkets and mass retailers.For More Information: www.blistex.comAlign
Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Procter & Gamble introduces updated packaging for its probiotic supplement Align. Align is a dietary supplement that contains the unique, pure strain Bifidobacterium infantis 35624 to fortify the digestive system with healthy bacteria, build and support digestive tract health, and maintain digestive balance. Align is available in a capsule form that does not require refrigeration and can be stored at room temperature. For best results, store Align in the original blister package and take 1 capsule per day, with or without food, as a part of a healthy lifestyle.For More Information: www.aligngi.comTheraneem Naturals Dental Floss Marketed by: Organix-South (Bowling Green, FL)Indication: Organix-South has introduced TheraNeem Naturals dental floss to its oral care line. The floss is coated with extracts of neem leaf and neem bark, as well as grapeseed, clove, licorice oil, and vegan wax. It is safe for diabetic patients, adults, and children, and contains no sulfates, fluoride, parabens, or artificial colors or flavors, and is cruelty-free. The floss is available in cinnamon or mint flavors, which are flavored with cardamom, star anise and cinnamon bark and fennel and peppermint oil, respectively.For More Information: www.organixsouth.comZarbee’s All-Natural Children’s Cough Syrup Marketed by: Zarbee’s Inc (Salt Lake City, UT)Indication: Zarbee’s All-Natural Children’s Cough Syrup is a natural remedy to soothe children’s irritated throats and calm coughs. The drug-free formula contains no alcohol, dyes, or glutens, and is made with a blend of honeys, vitamin C, and zinc. The recommended dosage is 1 teaspoon for children 12 months to 5 years and 2 teaspoons for children 6 to 12 years. The formula should be shaken before use and administered every 4 hours. Patients should not take more than 6 doses during a 24-hour period or as directed by a physician.For More Information: www.zarbees.comAcu-Life True Easy Syringe Marketed by: Health Enterprises Inc (North Attleboro, MA)Indication: The Acu-Life True Easy Syringe is designed to deliver accurate medication doses to children using an easy, 2-step process. The design features a color-coded dial where patients can select the correct medication dosage in teaspoons or milliliters. The device plunger is pulled back and stopped at the selected dose, where the correct dose can be visually verified. An easy-push top permits control over the medicine flow, and an oversize grip and plunger makes the device easy to grip and use. The syringe is easy to clean and BPA free.For More Information: www.healthenterprises.comTriple Neem Care OintmentMarketed by: Organix-South (Bowling Green, FL)Indication: Organix-South expands its Theraneem skin care line with Triple Neem Care Ointment. It is indicated to protect and soothe minor abrasions and to improve the condition and appearance of dry skin and lips. The ointment contains organic neem leaf, neem bark, and neem oil to cool and soothe skin, while also serving as an astringent. It also contains sesame oil, beeswax, calendula extract, vitamin E, and ylang ylang oil. It is packaged as a 1-oz tube and is available at health food stores, select pharmacies, and online.For More Information: www.organixsouth.comVitamin D3 Vegan Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)Indication: Nordic Naturals offers a D3 formula for vegetarians and strict vegans who cannot take traditional, animal-based vitamin formulas to support immune system function, regulate mood and sleep rhythms, and boost calcium absorption for bone health. The supplement is made from organic lichen, a naturally occurring and vegan source of the vitamin. A 0.5- mL serving contains 1000 IU of non-GMO, hexane-free vitamin D3. The suggested dose is 0.5 mL, to be taken with food daily, or as directed by a health care professional or pharmacist. It is available as a liquid formula in 1–fl oz bottles.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.comPepto-Bismol To-Go Chewable Tablets Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Pepto-Bismol To-Go Chewable Tablets offer the stomach discomfort remedy in a portable and convenient travel-sized vial. They are indicated for the relief of diarrhea and upset stomach symptoms, including the heart burn, nausea, indigestion, gas, belching, and fullness that can result from overindulgence in food and drink. The chewable, cherry-flavored tablets contain 262 mg of bismuth subsalicylate each. The recommended dose is 2 tablets every half hour to hour as needed, not to exceed 16 tablets in a 24-hour period. Pepto-Bismol To-Go Chewable Tablets are available in 12- and 24-tablet vials.For More Information: www.pepto-bismol.com/to-go.phpPediasure Sidekicks Clear Marketed by: Abbott Nutrition (Abbott Park, IL)Indication: PediaSure Sidekicks Clear is a nutritional supplement to remedy inconsistencies that can occur in a child’s diet. Each serving contains 6 g of protein and 19 vitamins, including vitamins A, C, D, E, K, B6, calcium, iron, and thiamin. Each container is 6.8 fl oz and has 120 calories. PediaSure Sidekicks Clear is available in wild berry and tropical fruit flavors. It contains no artificial colors, and is gluten-free, kosher, and halal. It suitable for children with lactose intolerance; however, the product contains milk protein and is not recommended for children with milk allergies.For more information: www.pediasure.com
