Oscillococcinum 30 DoseMarketed by: Boiron USA (Newtown Square, PA)Indication: Boiron USA introduces a 30-dose pack of Oscillococcinum, a homeopathic remedy to reduce the duration and severity of flu and flu-like symptoms. It is designed to temporarily relieve body aches, headache, fever, chills, and fatigue with a nondrowsy and drug-free formula. Each dose contains anas barbariae hepatis et cordis extractum 200CK in quick-dissolving pellets. The recommended dose for adults and children 2 years and older is 1 tube by mouth every 6 hours up to 3 times per day. The suggested retail price is $29.99 for the 30-dose pack.For More Information: www.oscillo.comBoudreaux's Butt Paste Maximum StrengthMarketed by: CB Fleet Company Inc (Lynchburg, VA)Indication: Boudreaux’s Butt Paste diaper rash ointment is now available in a maximum strength formula for extreme diaper rash. The ointment contains 40% zinc oxide in a castor oil, mineral oil, and paraffin base. It can be applied as often as necessary during each diaper change, after cleaning the diaper area and allowing it to dry. It is particularly recommended when a child is exposed to wet diapers for a prolonged period of time, such as overnight. Patients should note that the product stains clothing and fabric.For More Information: www.buttpaste.comDHA Infant VegetarianMarketed by: Nordic Naturals Inc (Watsonville, CA)Indication: Nordic Naturals introduces DHA Infant Vegetarian for infants 6 months and older to support learning, language development, and healthy brain, eye, and nervous system function. The plant-based formula is derived from microalgae, a natural, vegetarian source of omega-3s. It is formulated to contain no genetically modified organisms and to be hexane free. It is packaged in a 1-oz bottle and includes a measured dropper, allowing parents to add the product to formula or food. Dosage is based on a child’s weight.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.comCrest 3D White 2-Hour Express White StripsMarketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Crest 3D White 2-Hour Express White Strips contain a peroxide-infused gel in a strip that is applied to teeth for 2 hours. The strips use Advanced Seal technology that helps keep them in place for the duration of treatment. The strips are indicated for natural teeth only and will not whiten caps, crowns, veneers, fillings, or dentures. They also should not be used by patients with braces. Each kit contains 4 treatments, each of which should be used 3 months apart.For More Information: www.3dwhite.comCarex Bathroom Safety Rail B369Marketed by: Carex Health Brands (Sioux Falls, SD)Indication: Carex Health Brands introduces a safety rail to help prevent falls in the bathroom. The Carex Bathroom Safety Rail B369 fits around the toilet to offer support, balance, and stability when sitting, standing, or rising. The unit does not require installation or tools for assembly, and can be moved to other areas of the bathroom, such as the sink. It is 23 inches wide and 19 inches deep, and its height can vary from 27 to 33 inches. Its suggested retail price is $69.99.For More Information: www.carex.comNature Made CoQ10 Adult GummiesMarketed by: Pharmavite LLC (Mission Hills, CA)Indication: Nature Made CoQ10 Adult Gummies provide the antioxidant necessary for basic cell function and energy generation in a chewable, mango-flavored supplement. Each serving of 2 gummies provides the commonly recommended 100 mg dose of CoQ10. The gummies contain no preservatives or starch, are gluten free, contain no synthetic dyes, and are flavored naturally. The suggested dose is a single 2-gummy serving per day for patients 18 years and older. Patients younger than 18 years should consult a physician before use.For More Information: www.naturemade.comBlistex Moisture MeltMarketed by: Blistex Inc (Oak Brook, IL)Indications: Blistex Moisture Melt contains moisturizers to provide long-lasting resistance for chapped, cracked, and dry lips and to prevent sunburn on the lips. It contains shea butter and aloe in visible spheres to moisturize on contact. It also contains octinoxate 7.5% and oxybenzone 2.5% as sunscreens and petrolatum 31.7% as a lip protectant. It should be applied 15 minutes before sun exposure and reapplied at least every 2 hours. It should not be used on damaged or broken skin, or on children younger than 6 months.For More Information: www.blistex.comRobitussin Nighttime Cold + FluMarketed by: Pfizer Consumer Health Care (Madison, NJ)Indication: Robitussin Nighttime Cold + Flu relieves cough, sore throat, runny nose, body ache, and fever associated with a cold or the flu to help patients get to sleep. It is also indicated for relief of symptoms associated with hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies. The recommended dose is 2 capsules every 6 hours. Each capsule contains 325 mg acetaminophen, 15 mg dextromethorphan HBr, and 6.25 mg doxylamine succinate. It is not intended for use in patients younger than 12 years.For More Information: www.robitussin.comChloraseptic Warming Sore Throat LozengesMarketed by: Prestige Brands Inc (Irvington, NY)Indication: Chloraseptic Warming Sore Throat Lozenges are indicated for the temporary relief of minor irritation and pain associated with sore mouth and sore throat. Each lozenge contains 15 mg benzocaine as an oral anesthetic and analgesic. Adults and children older than 3 years are advised to allow 1 lozenge to dissolve slowly in the mouth every 2 hours as needed. Parents should consult a physician or dentist regarding use by children younger than 3 years. Lozenges are available in green tea and honey and warming honey lemon flavors, both containing real honey.For More Information: www.chloraseptic.com
