ACCU-CHEK NanoMarketed by: Roche Diabetes Care (Indianapolis, IN)Indication: Roche Diabetes Care introduces the ACCU-CHEk Nano blood glucose meter, part of its ACCU-CHEk SmartView System. The ACCU-CHEk Nano meter features a small, sleek design to fit in a patient’s palm, as well as a backlit display to make reading numbers easier. Testing with the meter requires only 0.6 mcL of blood, and produces a reading within 5 seconds. The meter supports either palm or fingertip testing, uses ACCU-CHEk SmartView test strips, and is compatible with ACCU-CHEk data management tools. It measures 2.7 by 1.7 by 0.8 in and uses 3-volt lithium coin cell batteries.For More information: www.accu-chek.comLipigesicM Migraine ReliefMarketed by: PuraMed BioScience, Inc (Schofield, WI)Indication: PuraMed BioScience introduces updated packaging for LipiGesic M, its homeopathic remedy for migraine pain and associated symptoms. The packaging expands on LipiGesic M’s dosing instructions, and advises patients to refrain from eating or drinking for 15 minutes after taking the medicine in order to ensure maximum effectiveness. Treatment instructions suggest using 2 dose dispensers per headache. One 8-dose box will treat up to 4 migraine headaches when taken as directed. In addition, the packaging now includes a bilingual insert with instructions in Spanish. LipiGesic M has a suggested retail price of $19.95 for a box of 8 dose dispensers.For More information: www.lipigesicm.comNeosporin Moisture Essentials Daily Body WashMarketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Healthcare (Skillman, NJ)Indication: Neosporin Eczema Essentials Daily Body Wash is formulated for the daily cleansing of dry, sensitive skin, particularly for patients with eczema or atopic dermatitis. The proprietary RELIPID formula contains lipids to lock in skin moisture, humectants to attract and retain moisture, emollients for skin appearance, and botanicals to soothe dryness. The fragrance-free formula contains no soap or antibiotics that could irritate skin conditions. The body wash is indicated for both children and adults, and can be used as often as twice daily.For More information: www.neosporin.com/essentialsOral-B Pro-Health Clinical Pro-Flex Toothbrush Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Oral-B Pro-Health Clinical Pro-Flex Toothbrush is the latest addition to the Pro-Health product line, which includes toothpaste, mouth rinse, and dental floss. The line is meant to protect against plaque, cavities, gingivitis, sensitivity, tartar, stains, and bad breath. Oral-B Pro-Health Clinical Pro-Flex Toothbrush offers flexible sides to individually adjust to teeth and gums, allowing it to clean where plaque growth begins. The brush is available with soft and medium extra-long bristles to clean between teeth. Bristles are positioned in opposite directions to allow for cleaning along the gum line. The suggested retail price is $4.99.For More information: www.oralb.comDesigner WheyMarketed by: Designer Protein, LLC (Carlsbad, CA)Indication: Designer Whey protein powder contains 18 g of whey protein per serving, as well as calcium, vitamin D, and B vitamins. A serving is 100 calories, and the product comes in 12 oz and 1.72-, 2-, and 4-lb containers. Available flavors include French vanilla, double chocolate, strawberry, chocolate peanut caramel, and natural flavor. Each flavor is naturally sweetened, and contains less than 3% lactose. Those who may be allergic to other milk proteins, such as lactoglobulin, may have a reaction, however. Designer Whey is available at select retailers and online.For More information: http://designerwhey.comUrgentRX Heartburn Relief to Go Marketed by: UrgentRX (Denver, CO)Indication: Urgent RX introduces its latest in on-the-go OTC relief with Heartburn Relief to Go. A flavored powder format that does not require water to take, the medication comes in a single-dose, credit card– sized package that can be stored in a wallet or purse. Each Heartburn Relief to Go packet contains 1000 mg calcium carbonate. It is indicated for the relief of heartburn, sour stomach, acid indigestion, and upset stomach associated with those conditions. It is available at select retail pharmacies and supermarkets, and is also available online from Walgreens.com, drugstore.com, Pharmaco.com, and Amazon.com.For More information: http://urgentrx.comHalo Oral Antiseptic Spray Marketed by: Oasis Consumer Healthcare (Cleveland, OH)Indication: Halo is an oral antiseptic meant to protect against airborne germs, including a broad array of bacteria and viruses. Halo is alcohol and sugar free and contains cetylpyridinium chloride 0.1% as an active ingredient. The product coats the back of the oral cavity and catches, holds, and kills germs that enter the mouth and nose. Dosing directions recommend spraying enough Halo into the mouth to coat it, typically at least 3 times, and then swallowing. It can be used up to 3 times per day. The suggested retail price is $12.99 for a 1–fl oz bottle.For More information: www.halogermdefense.comZicam Ultra CrystalsMarketed by: Zicam LLC (Scottsdale, AZ)Indication: Zicam introduces Zicam Ultra Crystals, a homeopathic method formulated to shorten cold duration. The melt-in-the-mouth crystals come in individual, single-dose packets that contain Zincum Aceticum and Zincum Gluconicum. It is indicated for adults and children 12 years or older to reduce the severity of sore throat, stuffy nose, sneezing, coughing, and congestion. The recommended dosage is 1 packet at the onset of symptoms, and then every 4 to 6 hours. Patients should not eat or drink 15 minutes after use and should not eat or drink citrus fruits or juices 30 minutes before or after use.For More information: www.zicam.comOxylent Effervescent Multivitamin Drink Marketed by: Vitalah, Inc (Watsonville, CA)Indication: Oxylent Effervescent Multivitamin Drink is now available in a 7-packet box for travel and on-the-go lifestyles. It is designed to fit in suitcases, briefcases, purses, gym bags, totes, and other tight spots. Each box contains 7 packets of original Oxylent, which is formulated without sugar, caffeine, artificial ingredients, or calories, and contains a blend of enzymes, vitamins, minerals, electrolytes, and amino acids. The product is available in 3 natural fruit flavors: sparkling berries, sparkling blackberry pomegranate, and sparkling mandarin. It is available at select retailers and through Oxylent’s website.For More information: www.oxylent.comNordic Omega-3 Jellies Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)Indication: Nordic Naturals introduces a chewable omega-3 supplement for children 2 years and older. Each fish-shaped, fruit-flavored jellie contains 250 mg of omega-3s, including eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. Nordic Omega-3 Jellies are made from purified fish oil that is sourced from anchovies and sardines. The suggested dose is 1 jellie daily with food, or as directed by a physician or pharmacist. Each jellie is individually packaged for on-the-go use, and 1 box contains 36 individual packs. The jellies are available through select pharmacies and retailers.For More information: www.nordicnaturals.com
