Cold-EEZE Cold Remedy Daytime/Nighttime QuickMeltsMarketed by: ProPhase Labs (Doylestown, PA)Indication: Cold-EEZE Cold Remedy Daytime/Nighttime QuickMelts dissolve quickly in the mouth without water, delivering the same amount of zinc gluconate found in Cold-EEZE lozenges. The Daytime QuickMelts are nondrowsy and meant to shorten cold duration. The Nighttime QuickMelts are a combination product formulated to shorten colds and help patients fall asleep faster. The nighttime formula contains natural extra-strength chamomile and melatonin and is non–habit forming. Each combination package comes with 18 Daytime QuickMelts and 6 Nighttime QuickMelts. QuickMelts should be taken at the onset of cold symptoms and continued until symptoms have resolved.For More Information: www.coldeeze .comMederma Advanced Scar GelMarketed by: Merz Pharmaceuticals (Greensboro, NC)Indication: Mederma Advanced Scar Gel is a oncedaily topical treatment to reduce the appearance of old and new scars. The gel should be evenly applied and rubbed into a scar once daily for 8 weeks for new scars and once daily for 3 to 6 months for existing scars. It is not meant for use on open wounds and should only be used after a wound has healed and sutures have been removed. It is available in a 20- and 50-g tube in the first aid aisles of drugstores nationwide.For More Information: www.mederma.comUltimate Flora Kids ProbioticMarketed by: ReNew Life (Clearwater, FL)Indication: Ultimate Flora Kids Probiotic helps maintain the balance of good bacteria in children’s digestive systems to support digestion. Each chewable tablet contains 3 billion live cultures from 6 probiotic strains shown to support immunity and digestive health and provide relief from diarrhea, constipation, and gas. It contains no sugar or artificial sweeteners, and is sweetened only with low-glycemic xylitol. The recommended dosage is 1 tablet daily with a light meal, and it is indicated for children 2 years and older. It is available online, at health food stores, and at select pharmacies.For More Information: www.renewlife.com/CastCoverz! Slickerz!Marketed by: MediFAB3 (Hollister, CA)Indication: Slickerz! by CastCoverz! prevents leg casts and bandages from getting wet during rainy, snowy, or slushy weather by enclosing the foot and leg in weatherproof fabric. It includes a closed-toe design to keep toes clean and dry and a drawstring cord to prevent moisture from leaking down the leg. Although designed for short-leg casts, a Short Leg Slickerz! can be used on long-leg casts. It is recommended for non–weight bearing casts and bandages only. Slickerz! can be ordered for the right or left leg in prints or solids, and are sized based on leg length and calf circumference.For More Information: www.castcoverz.comQuench PT Post Treatment BalmMarketed by: ESBA Laboratories, Inc (Juniper, FL)Indication: Quench PT is a skin- and eco-friendly balm for use after skin treatments, including laser hair removal, thermage, photofacials, electrolysis, waxing, and shaving, to soothe skin and improve its appearance. The formula contains allantoin, aloe vera, borage oil, calendula extract, shea butter, and witch hazel to reduce the appearance of redness and swelling. It also includes ingredients to brighten skin and reduce post-treatment bruising. The formula is free of alcohol, parabens, petroleum derivatives, and animalderived products and is scented with essential botanical oils.For More Information: www.esbalabs.comGreen Coffee MaxMarketed by: Sendel Labs (Coral Springs, FL)Indication: Sendel Labs introduces Green Coffee Max, a weight loss supplement containing 800 mg of green coffee bean extract. The extract contains chlorogenic acid, which is naturally present in the bean and intended to aid in weight loss. The supplement works by limiting the absorption of glucose and sugar into the bloodstream, boosting metabolism, and enhancing the liver’s fat-burning abilities. It is manufactured in the United States at an FDAinspected and GMP-licensed facility. The supplement contains 20 mg of naturally occurring caffeine in a single 1-capsule serving.For More Information: www.sendellabs.comNature Made Multi Adult GummiesMarketed by:Pharmavite LLC (Denver, CO)Indication:Nature Made introduces a gummy vitamin geared toward adults who want a tastier option for vitamins and supplements. Multi Adult Gummies come in all-natural orange, cherry, and mixed berry flavors. Flavors and colors are derived from natural sources and the gummies contain 1 to 3 grams of sugar. The vitamins contain no preservatives or yeast and are gluten free. The recommended daily dosage is 2 gummies, which contain vitamins D, C, E, A, B 6 , and B 12 , folic acid, biotin, pantothenic acid, iodine, and zinc.For More Information: www.naturemade.comAff-X Foot SoakMarketed by: AFF-X (North Vancouver, Canada)Indication: AFF-X Foot Soak treats and prevent athlete’s foot by killing fungus spores before they have a chance to sprout. The product contains 3 product base packets and 3 activator packets that are combined with water to form nitric oxide gas bubbles. Treatments are used for 30 minutes once daily over 3 consecutive days. AFF-X is also indicated as a preventive measure after walking barefoot in gyms, swimming pools, and other areas that harbor the fungus. Additional weekly treatments are recommended for stubborn cases of athlete’s foot.For More Information: www.aff-x.comCrest Complete Multi-Benefit Extra White + Scope Dual-Blast ToothpasteMarketed by: Procter and Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Crest Complete Multi-Benefit Extra White + Scope Dual Blast Toothpaste is indicated for cleaning teeth and freshening breath while helping to neutralize strong aftertastes. It is formulated to capture odor-emitting sulfur compounds from food to neutralize odor. The formula also kills germs that can cause bad breath, fights cavities, and whitens teeth. The suggested retail price is $3.25 for 4 oz, $3.75 for 5.8 oz, and $4.25 for 7.6 oz. It is available in the dental health section of pharmacies and major retailers.For More Information: www.crest.comDr. Hess Udder Ointment For Diabetic Skin CareMarketed by: Dr. Hess Products LLC (North Salt Lake, UT)Indication: Dr. Hess Products LLC introduces Dr. Hess Udder Ointment for Diabetic Skin Care, a part of its line of skin relief products. The ointment, originally developed for cow udders, is indicated for relief of skin problems associated with diabetes. It is formulated to rehydrate, soften, and soothe severely dry and damaged skin. The ointment is made from natural ingredients and absorbs quickly without a greasy residue. The suggested retail price is $9.99 for a 4-oz tube. It is available at Walgreens and on Amazon.com.For More Information: http://udderointment.com
