HOT OTC

	

	Zarbee’s Nighttime Cough & Sleep Drink

	Marketed by: Zarbee’s (Salt Lake City, UT)

	Indication: Zarbee’s Nighttime Cough & Sleep Drink is an all-natural, drug-free cough remedy for children 2 years and older. It is made with buckwheat honey to help relieve coughs associated with colds and upper respiratory illnesses, and contains vitamin C, zinc, elderberry, and a small amount of melatonin to help children safely and naturally fall asleep. Zarbee’s Nighttime Cough & Sleep Drink comes in a grapeflavored powder that can be mixed with 2 oz of warm water. It is available at retail pharmacies nationwide for a suggested price of $8.99 for 6 doses.

	For More Information: www.zarbees.com

	

	ProNutrients 

	Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (Madison, NJ)

	Indication: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare introduced a line of 3 supplements designed to improve overall health when used in conjunction with multivitamins. ProNutrients Omega-3 contains both EPA and DHA in the form of a mini-gel to support heart health and brain and eye structure; ProNutrients Fruit & Veggie provides the nutritional benefits found in grapes, blueberries, raspberries, plums, carrots, and tomatoes in a MiniTab formula; and ProNutrients Probiotic is designed to support immune health and digestive balance. Omega-3 and Fruit & Veggie are available in 50-unit and 100-unit packages, and Probiotic is available in 14-unit and 28-unit boxes.

	For More Information: www.pronutrients.com

	

	Itzazu Kidz 

	Marketed by: Tropical Seas (Ormond Beach, FL)

	Indication: Itzazu Kidz biodegradable hand soaps can help prevent the spread of germs by teaching children how to wash their hands properly for an adequate amount of time. Itzazu soaps come in 4 varieties—Blue Kangaroo, Purple Rhino, Green Gorilla, and Swamp Slime— each of which contains beads that burst to change the color of the suds as children scrub their hands. Each bottle comes in an 8.45-oz size containing 150 pumps per bottle.

	For More Information: www.tropicalseas.com/collections/itzazu

	

	ACT Anticavity Fluoride Rinse for Kids 

	Marketed by: Sanofi-aventis (Bridgewater, NJ) and Chattem Inc (Chattanooga, TN)

	Indication: Available in 2 new flavors—iCarly iBerry Blast and Ocean Berry featuring SpongeBob SquarePants— ACT Anticavity Fluoride Rinse for Kids can help prevent cavities and strengthen teeth in children 6 years and older. The product, which is also available in mint, cinnamon, and BubbleGum BlowOut flavors, contains 0.05% sodium fluoride and is alcohol-free. An exact dosage meter is included with each product to help determine how much rinse should be used.

	For More Information: www.actfluoride.com

	

	Aveeno Smart Essentials

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies (Skillman, NJ)

	Indication: Smart Essentials is a line of skin care products from Aveeno designed to cleanse, nourish, protect, and treat damaged skin. It includes Daily Nourishing Moisturizer with SPF 30, which can help condition the skin while providing protection from UVA/UVB rays; Pore Purifying Facial Wash, a low-foam cleanser designed to remove dirt and makeup in one step; and Daily Detoxifying Scrub, an oil-free, hypoallergenic, soap-free scrub that can help prevent breakouts by removing pore-clogging debris.

	For More Information: www.aveeno.com

	

	Arm & Hammer Simply Saline Neti Pot Kit 

	Marketed by: Church & Dwight (Princeton, NJ)

	Indication: The Arm & Hammer Simply Saline Neti Pot Kit can help relieve symptoms of sinus congestion and allergies by using nasal irrigation to expel mucus and moisturize irritated nasal passages. The product contains baking soda to help prevent the stinging or discomfort that can result from saline irrigation, and features a leak-proof design to avoid spills. Its visible fill line can help ensure that users are able to achieve an optimal salt-towater ratio during use. Each kit contains 50 saline packets; 100-count refill packets are also available.

	For More Information: www.simplysaline.com

	

	Carex Dual Hot Cold Reusable 2 in 1 Pack 

	Marketed by: Carex Health Brands (Sioux Falls, SD)

	Indication: The Carex Dual Hot Cold Reusable 2 in 1 Pack contains a freezable gel pack and a microwavable heat pack to address different types of pain. The gel pack can reduce swelling for muscle strains, sprains, bruises, headaches, and arthritis flare-ups, and the heat pack targets stiffness in the joints, neck, and shoulder, pain from stress, and morning arthritis pain. The pack includes an elastic strap to help secure the wrap around the knee, wrist, elbow, arm, or thigh. The product is available online and at select retailers for a suggested retail price of $15.99.

	For More Information: www.carex.com

	

	Healthy Mouth & Gums 

	Marketed by: EuroPharma USA (Green Bay, WI)

	Indication: Healthy Mouth & Gums is a dietary supplement designed to help maintain healthy gum tissue and bacteria balance. The product is made from a blend of plant oils including peppermint, clove, cinnamon, and oregano, and does not contain alcohol, sugars, or artificial ingredients. Up to 3 times per day, users can chew 1 softgel or dissolve it in the mouth and swish for 15 to 30 seconds before swallowing. Women who are pregnant or nursing should consult a physician before using. Each container has 45 softgels.

	For More Information: www.europharmausa.com 

	

	Nordic Naturals Arctic Omega Effervescent 

	Marketed by: Nordic Naturals, Inc (Watsonville, CA)

	Indication: Nordic Naturals’ new omega-3 powders are designed to deliver the benefits of omega nutrition —including cardiovascular, immune system, brain, joint, and bone support—without the taste of fish. Each single-serving packet contains 500 mg of EPA DHA and 1200 IU of vitamin D3 in a single-serving packet of powder that can be added to water for quicker absorption. Each box contains 21 packets.

	For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com

	

	Healthy Glow Facial Hydrator

	Marketed by: Belli (Issaquah, WA)

	Indication: Healthy Glow Facial Hydrator is a daily moisturizer that contains vitamin C, grape seed oil, chamomile extract, ginseng extract, and mandarin orange peel to help soften skin texture. The product, which features a light citrus scent, is free of allergens, paraben preservatives, BPA, phthalates, and artificial dyes and fragrances. It is recommended for both day and nighttime application. Healthy Glow Facial Hydrator is available in a 2-oz size and retails for $32.

	For More Information: www.belliskincare.com
