HOT OTC

	

	Clear Eyes Complete 7 Symptom Relief 

	Marketed by: Prestige Brands Holdings (Irvington, NY)

	Indication: Clear Eyes Complete 7 Symptom Relief Eye Drops contain 4 active ingredients to help relieve burning and irritation due to dryness, reduce redness, and protect against further irritation. The product is designed to provide up to 12 hours of comfort for patients with different types of discomfort, including chronic dry eyes and allergy symptoms. Patients can apply 1 to 2 drops in the affected eye up to 4 times daily.

	For More Information: www.cleareyes.com 

	

	Lichi Super Fruit Probiotic 

	Marketed by: Bainbridge and Knight (New York, NY)

	Indication: Part of a new line of herbal dietary products, Lichi Super Fruit Lactospore Probiotic is designed to aid digestion by helping to protect and restore balance to the digestive tract. All products in the Lichi Super Fruit line— which also includes a dietary supplement, meal replacement, and detox cleanse—contain acai berry extract, resveratrol, and naturally occurring caffeine from green tea, white tea, and black tea. A box of 30 once-daily supplements retails for $19.99.

	For More Information: www.lichisuperfruit.com

	

	MorEPA Chewable Supercritical Omega-3 Fish Oil 

	Marketed by: Garden of Life (West Palm Beach, FL)

	Indication: Available in orange-flavored softgels that are easy to digest, MorEPA Chewables can help ensure that children 4 years and older are getting enough omega-3 in their diet. Each serving contains 500 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid, 69 mg of docosahexaenoic acid, and 32 mg of vitamin C to support cardiovascular health, cognitive function, and immune system health.

	For More Information: www.gardenoflife.com

	

	Bengay Cold Therapy 

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc (New Brunswick, NJ)

	Indication: Bengay Cold Therapy provides fastacting relief of minor aches and pains associated with simple backache, arthritis, strains, bruises, and sprains. The menthol painrelieving gel is available in a 4-oz tube at most retail stores. Adults and children 12 years and older can apply the product to the affected area no more than 3 to 4 times daily.

	For More Information: www.bengay.com

	

	Sensodyne Pronamel Iso-Active Foaming Gel 

	Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline (Research Triangle Park, NC)

	Indication: Available in 2 formulations—Daily Protection and Gentle Whitening—Sensodyne ProNamel iso-active is gel toothpaste designed to protect enamel from the effects of acid erosion. When used, the gel turns into a foam that spreads to hardto-reach areas and provides protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets, or contact. Indicated for use in adults and children 12 years and older, ProNamel iso-active should be used after each meal, or at least twice a day.

	For More Information: www.pronamel.us

	

	Orazyme Dry Mouth Mouthwash

	Marketed by: Dr. Fresh, Inc (Buena Park, CA)

	Indication: Using natural oral enzymes, Orazyme Dry Mouth Mouthwash works to replace moisture lost due to compromised saliva production and help protect the mouth’s immune functions. Orazyme does not contain alcohol or sugar, and can be used as often as needed. For best results, patients should not rinse with water, eat, or drink immediately after usage. Suggested retail price for a 16-oz bottle is $9.99.

	For More Information: www.orazyme.com

	

	Defense Sport Mouthguard Rinse 

	Marketed by: SaniBrands, Inc (Allentown, PA)

	Indication: Defense Sport Mouthguard Rinse is the first product developed to clean and remove bacteria from athletic mouth guards during games and practices. The product, which contains chlorhexidine gluconate, purified water, and glycerin, is designed to take effect quickly after it is sprayed into a mouthguard. Defense Sport Mouthguard Rinse does not contain alcohol or sugar, and is available in a mint flavor. It can be used as often as needed.

	For More Information: www.defensesport.com

	

	Sleep Formula 39 

	Marketed by: Harmonix (Atlanta, GA)

	Indication: Sleep Formula 39 is a nonprescription sleep aid that uses natural ingredients including melatonin, tryptophan, and gammaaminobutyric acid to help improve the onset, quality, and duration of sleep. The product does not contain drugs, antihistamines, sugars, or carbohydrates, and is non–habit forming. It is available in twin packs of 2-oz single-serving bottles at CVS/pharmacy, GNC, and Rite Aid stores in the Atlanta area.

	For More Information: www.harmonixsleep.com

	 

	

	Wholemega Prenatal 

	Marketed By: New Chapter (Brattleboro, VT)

	Indication: Part of a new line of whole fish oil supplements from New Chapter, Wholemega Prenatal is designed to promote healthy brain and eye development in the fetus. Using extra-virgin oil that comes from only 100% wild fish stocks, the product contains vitamin D3 and antioxidants, along with 17 omega fatty acids. Wholemega Prenatal is available in a 90-count bottle. Expectant mothers should take 2 softgels twice daily; for best results, the supplement should be taken immediately before meals.

	For More Information: www.newchapter.com 

	

	Little Remedies’ Little Fevers 

	Marketed By: Prestige Brands Holdings (Irvington, NY)

	Indication: Part of the Little Remedies line of products designed for pediatric patients, Little Fevers Infant Fever/Pain Reliever and Children’s Fever/ Pain Reliever can help reduce fevers and alleviate minor aches and pains associated with common cold, flu, headache, sore throat, or toothache. Both products use the AccuSafe system to ensure safe and accurate dosing and minimize the risk of accidental ingestion. The product can be administered every 4 hours while symptoms last, up to 5 times in a 24-hour period. A physician should be consulted prior to use in children younger than 2 years.

	For More Information: www.littleremedies.com
