HOT OTC

	MyKidz Iron with Vitamins A, C & D

	Marketed by: Tris Pharma (Monmouth Junction, NJ)

	Indication: Part of a product line recently relaunched by Tris Pharma, MyKidz Iron is a nutritional supplement that delivers vitamins A, C, and D in a berry/banana fruit flavor that makes it easier for children to take. A 2-mL dose of the product contains 10 mg of elemental iron, 1500 IU of vitamin A, 35 mg of vitamin C, and 400 IU of vitamin D to help meet the nutritional needs of infants and toddlers. MyKidz Iron products contain no alcohol or dyes and are made from a gluten-free formula designed to reduce teeth staining.

	For More Information: www.mykidziron.com

	Luden’s Orange Supplement Drops

	Marketed by: Prestige Brands Holdings (Irvington, NY)

	Indication: Luden’s introduced a new orange-flavored throat drop that contains vitamin C in a dissolvable form to help temporarily relieve minor discomfort in the throat and protect irritated areas in the mouth and throat. The product is indicated for adults and children 3 years and older. In addition to orange, other flavors in the new line include wild cherry, sugar-free wild cherry, and wild honey. Luden’s Orange Supplement Drops are available in 25-count bags.

	For More Information: www.ludens.com

	PhytoKinetic Calcium

	Marketed by: Rainbow Light (Santa Cruz, CA)

	Indication: Made with organic plant algae, Rainbow Light Certified Organics PhytoKinetic Calcium contains more than 70 minerals to help build bone mineral density, enhance healthy bone formation, and support energy and electrolyte balance. Each serving consists of 3 vegetarian capsules that can be taken with water or sprinkled on food. The product is free of gluten, yeast, milk, eggs, soy, nuts, and fish, and contains no animal products. A bottle of 90 capsules retails for $39.99.

	For More Information: www.rainbowlight.com

	Zinn Velvet Facial Cleansing Milk

	Marketed by: Bainbridge & Knight (New York, NY)

	Indication: Zinn Velvet Cleansing Facial Milk is designed to repair damage to the skin and replenish nutrients to help leave the skin clear, smooth, and free of blemishes. Part of the Zinn Beauty Collection—which also includes Revitalizing Anti-Aging Cream, Smooth Body Milk, and 100% Moroccan Argan Oil—the face wash contains fatty acids to reduce inflammation, phytosterols to help promote collagen, and sebum regulators to reduce acne. Zinn Velvet Facial Cleansing Milk should be used twice daily for best results. The product retails for a suggested price of $29.99.

	For More Information: http://zinnbeauty.com

	Raw Enzymes Women

	Marketed by: Garden of Life (West Palm Beach, FL)

	Indication: RAW Enzymes Women delivers 22 digestive enzymes and probiotic-created vitamins, minerals, and antioxidant enzymes to help improve digestion as well as overall health in women. The product, which is vegetarian and does not contain gluten or dairy, can help the body process difficult-to-digest foods such as dairy, grains, sugars, nuts, seeds, beans, broccoli, and cabbage. It is also designed to support colon and gut-related immune system health, reduce occasional post-meal gas and bloating, and support bone health and a healthy metabolism.

	For More Information: www.gardenoflife.com

	Chloraseptic Medicated Sore Throat Lollipops

	Marketed by: Prestige Brands Holdings (Irvington, NY)

	Indication: Chloraseptic is expanding its line of throat pain relief products to include Medicated Sore Throat Lollipops, which can provide fast-acting relief for children by soothing sore throat and mouth pain on contact. The lollipops are available in 3 different flavors: grape, strawberry, and orange. The suggested retail price for a box of 10 lollipops is $3.99.

	For More Information: www.chloraseptic.com

	Aveeno Hydrosport Sunblock

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies (Skillman, NJ)

	Indication: Available as both a lotion and a spray, Aveeno Hydrosport Sunblock adheres directly to wet skin to provide protection from UVA/UVB rays. Both products are oil-free and hypoallergenic; the spray is offered in formulas of SPF 50 and 85, and the lotion is available in an SPF 85 formula. Suggested retail prices are $10.99 for a 3-oz tube of lotion, $9.99 for a 5-oz canister of SPF 50 spray, and $10.99 for a 5-oz canister of SPF 85 spray.

	For More Information: www.aveeno.com

	Proactiv Acne & Dark Spot Repair Kit

	Marketed by: Guthy-Renker (Palm Desert, CA)

	Indication: The Proactive Acne & Dark Spot Repair system uses a multi-phased approach to treat acne, prevent future breakouts, and help fade the dark spots and blotches that acne can leave behind. The repair system contains a Renewing Cleanser, Revitalizing Toner, Repairing Treatment, Dark Spot Corrector formulated with 2% hydroquinone designed to fade skin discoloration, and Daily Protection Plus Sunscreen SPF 30 specifically designed for acne prone skin. The Proactiv Acne & Dark Spot Repair system retails for $29.95.For More Information: www.proactiv.com

	Nutriscoop myVeggieVitale
	Marketed by: MyCeuticals (Boulder, CO)Indication: One of 6 new supplements available in powder form, nutriscoop’s myVeggieVitale provides more than 5 servings of organic vegetables per teaspoon. Users can sprinkle the product onto pizza, salads, sandwiches, or pasta to increase their vitamin intake. Each serving of myVeggieVitale contains 4000 mg of tomato, beet, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, parsley, spinach, kale, cabbage, carrot, dandelion, celery, and broccoli. A 4-oz bottle of myVeggieVitale includes 30 servings and retails for $34.39.For More Information: http://nutristore.myshopify.com

	Sendel Labs SL Series
	Marketed by: Sendel Labs (Coral Springs, FL)Indication: The new SL Series line of supplements from Sendel Labs is designed to help individuals improve and maintain overall health while working to achieve goals such as weight loss. Sendel Labs SL Series Krill Oil maximum strength soft-gel capsules contain omega-3 fatty acids to help lower LDL cholesterol while increasing HDL cholesterol, supporting cardiovascular health, and improving mood and energy levels. The product contains 30 servings per container and retails for $29. Other supplements available through the SL Series include HCG with Green Tea, and Fat Burner with 100% African Mango.For More Information: www.sendellabs.com
