HOT OTC

	Camilia Teething Relief 

	Marketed by: Boiron (Newtown Square, PA)

	Indication: Now available in national pharmacy chains, Camilia is a natural teething medicine that works to alleviate gum swelling, irritability, minor digestive disorders, and the pain associated with teething. Each single-use dose, which contains a small amount of premeasured, tasteless liquid, is absorbed without numbing the gums or affecting the gag reflex. Doses can be repeated every 15 minutes for a total of 3 times. The product does not contain benzocaine, preservatives, alcohol, flavors, dyes, sugar, or artificial sweeteners.

	For More Information: www.camiliateething.com

	Icy Hot Naturals 

	Marketed by: sanofi-aventis (Bridgewater, NJ)

	Indication: Icy Hot Naturals pain relief cream contains 7.5% natural menthol and 4 natural oils to help quickly relieve minor pain associated with arthritis, simple backache, muscle strains, sprains, bruises, and cramps. The product, which is designed for external use in adults and children 12 years and older, does not contain preservatives or parabens. A 2.5-oz tube has a suggested retail price of $6.49.

	For More Information: www.icyhot.com

	One A Day Women’s Prenatal 

	Marketed by: Bayer Healthcare LLC (Morristown, NJ)

	Indication: One A Day Women’s Prenatal is a multivitamin tablet designed to support the nutritional needs of women who are trying to conceive, are pregnant, or breast-feeding. The vitamin provides 800 mcg of folic acid, 300 mg of calcium, 28 mg of iron, and 200 mg of docosahexaenoic acid, an omega-3 fatty acid that helps support healthy fetal brain and eye development. Users should take 1 liquid gel per day with food.

	For More Information: www.oneaday.com

	Vectomega 

	Marketed by: EuroPharma (Green Bay, WI)

	Indication: Vectomega is formulated with omega-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to help reduce inflammation and help support the heart, brain, skin, and immune and nervous systems. The product provides omega-3 in a biologically active, phospholipid form for improved absorption. Vectomega is free of triglycerides and cholesterol, and is available in containers of 60 or 30 tablets. Recommended dosage is 2 tablets per day for 30 days, followed by 1 tablet per day.

	For More Information: www.europharmausa.com

	Senokot 

	Marketed by: Purdue Pharma (Stamford, CT)

	Indication: Now available in a new, environmentally friendly package designed to increase visibility, Senokot tablets contain a natural vegetable laxative ingredient to help relieve occasional constipation. Available in packages of 20, 50, and 100 tablets, the product should be taken before bedtime for overnight relief, which usually occurs in 6 to 12 hours. Adults can take 2 to 4 tablets once or twice a day, preferably at bedtime, not exceeding 8 tablets in 1 day; children aged 6 to 12 and pregnant women can take 1 to 2 tablets per day, preferably at bedtime.

	For More Information: www.senokot.com

	ThinkBaby Sunscreen 

	Marketed by: thinkOperations (Austin, TX)

	Indication: ThinkBaby SPF 30 sunscreen provides broad spectrum UVA and UVB protection to help limit the effects of sun exposure in young children. The product contains 2.5% zinc oxide and is water-resistant. ThinkBaby is not chemical-based and does not contain nano particles, parabens, or PABA. A 3-oz tube of 30 ThinkBaby sunscreen retails for $16.99.

	For More Information: www.thinkbabybottles.com

	Luster NOW Instant Whitening Toothpaste 

	Marketed by: Dentovations, Inc. (Boston, MA)

	Indication: Luster Now Instant Whitening Toothpaste works to provide an instant whitening effect designed to last for several hours, while also gradually whitening the teeth over time. The product is packaged in 3 portable tubes for convenience. It is available nationwide exclusively at Walgreens and Rite-Aid for a suggested retail price of $9.99.

	For More Information: www.lusterpremiumwhite.com

	ProbioKid Vita 

	Marketed by: Institut Rosell-Lallemand (Montreal, Canada)

	Indication: ProbioKid Vita is a natural solution formulated to reduce common infections in school-aged children, including ear, nose, and throat conditions, and bronchopulmonary and gastric disorders. The product contains vitamin D to help boost the immune system and vitamin C to reduce tiredness and fatigue. Each box of ProbioKid Vita contains 10 capsules, which can be dissolved in water.

	For More Information: www.institut-rosell-lallemand.com

	Ava the Elephant Talking Medicine Dispenser 

	Marketed by: Elephant Lady, LLC (Atlanta, GA)

	Indication: Ava the Elephant is a talking medicine dispenser designed to create a more pleasant experience for children when taking medicine and vitamins. The product is dishwasher-safe and does not contain BPA or phthalates. Users can fill the dropper with the desired medicine, insert it in the opening, and press a button that provides both instructions (“1, 2, 3…Open wide!”) and positive reinforcements (“Good job!”) aimed at young children. Ava the Elephant can be purchased through the company’s Web site, or at retailers such as CVS.

	For More Information: http://avatheelephant.com

	New Chapter Bone Strength Take Care 

	Marketed by: New Chapter (Brattleboro, VT)

	Indication: A wholefood calcium supplement containing magnesium, vitamin D3, and vitamin K2, Bone Strength Take Care is formulated with TargetCal, a blend of vitamins designed to improve calcium absorption. The product is 100% vegetarian, contains no artificial flavors or colors, and is gluten-free. Bone Strength Take Care is available in packages of 30, 60, and 120 tablets. For best results, users should take 3 tablets with 8 oz of water during a larger meal.

	For More Information: www.newchapter.com
