Adult Maximum Strength Mucinex Fast-Max Liquids 

	Marketed by: Reckitt Benckiser, Inc (Parsippany, NJ)

	Indication: New Adult Maximum Strength Mucinex Fast-Max Liquids aim to alleviate multiple cold symptoms while also thinning and loosening mucus. Indicated for patients 12 years and older, Adult Maximum Strength Mucinex Fast-Max Liquids are available in 4 varieties to target specific symptoms, including cough, nasal and chest congestion, headache, and fever. All 4 products—Severe Congestion & Cough; Cold, Flu & Sore Throat; Cold & Sinus; and DM Max—can be purchased in 6-oz bottles.

	For More Information: www.mucinex.com

	 

	O’Keeffe’s For Healthy Feet 

	Marketed by: O’Keeffe’s Company (Cincinnati, OH)

	Indication: O’Keeffe’s for Healthy Feet uses a non-oilbased formula to provide relief for feet that crack and split and to help maintain healthy feet. The product, which is hypoallergenic and odorless, contains a high concentration of allantoin to remove dead skin cells for better penetration and absorption of moisture through the tough, thick skin of the feet and heels. A 3.2-oz container of O’Keeffe’s for Healthy Feet can be purchased for $7.99.

	For More Information: www.okeeffescompany.com; 800-275-2718

	 

	Polar Powder Super-Flex Cold Pak with Magnetic Therapy 

	Marketed by: Coldpax Medical LLC (Hollywood, FL)

	Indication: The Polar Powder Super-Flex Cold Pak combines the benefits of magnetic energy and cold therapy to provide fast-acting relief for pain and swelling. The product begins to warm instantly upon contact with the skin and uses an optimum temperature transfer rate to ensure a more comfortable and safer healing process. It can help relieve headaches and migraines, arthritis, sprained wrists, knee injuries, sore muscles, circulation problems, shoulder aches, back and neck pain, bruises, and hot flashes. The Cold Pak should be stored in a freezer and can be utilized as frequently as needed.

	For More Information: http://polarpowdercoldpak.com

	 

	Mykidz Iron 10 

	Marketed by: Tris Pharma (Monmouth Junction, NJ)

	Indication: Part of the MyKidz Iron product line recently relaunched by Tris Pharma, MyKidz Iron 10 liquid supplements feature a berry/banana flavor that has no strong metallic taste or smell, making it easier for children to take. The product contains no alcohol or dyes and is made from a gluten-free formula designed to reduce teeth staining. Each 1.5-mL dose delivers 15 mg of elemental iron to help meet the nutritional needs of infants and toddlers.

	For More Information: www.mykidziron.com

	 

	Licide Bedbug Spray 

	Marketed by: Reece Pharmaceutical (Cleveland, OH)

	Indication: A water-based aerosol specifically designed for bedding and furniture, Reese’s Licide Bedbug Spray can help patients keep their homes free of bedbugs for up to 4 weeks. The product, which is available in a 5-oz can, features easy-tofollow instructions for use. It should be kept out of the reach of children.

	For More Information: www.reesepharmaceutical.com

	 

	AZO PMS 

	Marketed by: AZO Products (Cromwell, CT)

	Indication: AZO PMS is formulated with a natural blend of botanicals, vitamins, and minerals designed to help reduce the symptoms associated with premenstrual syndrome, including bloating, water retention, and irritability. The product contains no caffeine, milk ingredients, synthetic dyes or colors, preservatives, artificial flavors, yeast, wheat, or gluten. Women 18 years and older can take 2 caplets every 4 to 6 hours as needed. Dosage should not exceed 6 caplets per day, and the product should not be taken for more than 10 consecutive days.

	For More Information: www.azoproducts.com

	 

	Tom’s Of Maine Natural Beauty Bars 

	Marketed by: Tom’s of Maine (Kennebunk, ME)

	Indication: Tom’s of Maine Natural Beauty Bars use natural ingredients including citrus oils, lavender, apricot seeds, lemongrass, and chamomile to help maintain the skin’s moisture and leave the skin feeling clean. The product is available in 6 varieties designed to meet the needs of different skin types and conditions: exfoliating, daily moisture, deodorant, sensitive, relaxing, and energizing. Tom’s of Maine Natural Beauty Bars are hypoallergenic and do not contain animal ingredients. The suggested retail price is $3.19 for a 4-oz bar.

	For More Information: www.tomsofmaine.com

	 

	Thinksporrt Livestrong SunScreen 

	Marketed by: thinkOperations (Austin, TX)

	Indication: Thinksport Livestrong sunscreen is a mineral-based product containing 20% zinc oxide to provide broad-spectrum UVA and UVB protection and help minimize damage from sun exposure. The product, which uses a clear, nonoily formula, contains no PABA, parabens, or known carcinogens, and is water-resistant. A 3-oz tube of SPF 30 Thinksport Livestrong sunscreen retails for $15.99.

	For More Information: www. livestrong.com

	 

	Breathe Better Nasal Ointment 

	Marketed by: Maty’s Healthy Products (Pittsford, NY)

	Indication: Patients looking for a natural remedy to help manage summertime allergies and congestion can try Breathe Better Nasal Ointment. The product uses ingredients such as coconut oil, grapefruit seed extract, lemon balm, cayenne pepper, and candelilla wax to promote a healthy nasal environment. It is safe for patients of all ages and is drug-free.

	For More Information: www.matyshealthyproducts. com

	 

	Rapid Screening Test

	Marketed by: vH essentials (Jackson, WI)

	Indication: With the Rapid Screening Test from vH essentials, women can quickly and conveniently check for elevated pH levels to differentiate vaginal yeast infections from bacterial vaginosis or trichomoniasis. The test uses a soft swab designed specifically for sensitive vaginal tissue and provides “yes/no” results that are easy to read. Test results obtained with the Rapid Screening Test remain available for up to 48 hours for future reference. The product retails for $17.99 and is available at select major drug chains nationwide.

	For More Information: www.vhessentials.com
