Hot OTC

	

	Thyroshield Potassium Iodide Oral Solution

	Marketed by: Fleming Pharmaceuticals (Fenton, MO)

	Indication: A ready-to-use, thyroid-blocking liquid medicine designed for radiation emergencies, ThyroShield Potassium Iodide Oral Solution can help protect infants, children, and adults who are at risk of exposure to radioactive iodine. ThyroShield is the only FDA-approved liquid potassium iodide product indicated for thyroid protection in a radiation emergency. Patients who are told by public officials to take potassium iodide can take this product once every 24 hours; 1 mL of ThyroShield contains 65 mg of potassium iodide in a black raspberry–filled solution.

	For More Information: www.thyroshield.com

	

	First Response Digital Ovulation Test 

	Marketed by: Church & Dwight (Princeton, NJ)

	Indication: The First Response Digital Ovulation Test tracks a woman’s ovulation cycle based on luteinizing hormone levels to help determine the most optimal time to try to conceive. Beginning on day 5 of menstruation, users take the test daily by inserting the test stick into the digital reader and placing it directly in the urine stream for 5 seconds. After 5 minutes, clear results will appear on the digital screen. The product includes 20 tests and contains illustrated stepby-step instructions. It is available for a suggested retail price of $49.99 at major food and drug outlets, and $39.99 at Walmart and Target.

	For More Information: www.firstresponse.com

	

	Nordic Naturals Omega-3 Effervescent 

	Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)

	Indication: Omega-3 Effervescent is an orange-flavored, water-soluble drink mix that offers an easier way to ingest cod liver oil. The product contains omega-3 and vitamin D3 , which can promote heart, brain, joint, and bone health in both adults and children. Available in single-serving packets that can be dissolved in water and taken daily, Omega-3 Effervescent is sold in boxes of 7 ($9.95) or 21 ($29.95) packets.

	For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com

	

	Lindi Skin Soothing Balm 

	Marketed by: Lindi Skin (Narberth, PA)

	Indication: Lindi Skin Soothing Balm is formulated to help manage intensely dehydrated areas of the skin by providing moisturizing relief. Made with avocado oil, Soothing Balm is specifically designed to target painful, cracked, and peeling skin. The product is allergy tested and nonirritating, and begins to restore the skin immediately. It should be used while skin is still damp, and can be reapplied as often as needed. Lindi Skin Soothing Balm is available in a 4-fl oz/120-mL bottle.

	For More Information: www.lindiskin.com; 1-800-380-4704

	

	SmartMouth Advanced Clinical Formula Mouthwash 

	Marketed by: Triumph Pharmaceuticals (St. Louis, MO)

	Indication: SmartMouth Advanced Clinical Formula Mouthwash works to eliminate existing bad breath and prevent germs from producing new bad breath gases for at least 12 hours. The product, which is alcohol free, can also help prevent plaque that leads to bleeding gums or gingivitis. Available in a fresh mint flavor, SmartMouth Advanced Clinical Formula can be used by adults and children 12 years and older, and by children aged 6 to 12 years under supervision. It is not recommended for children under 6 years of age.

	For More Information: www.smartmouth.com

	

	Tom’s of Maine Simply White Fluoride Toothpaste 

	Marketed by: Tom’s of Maine (Kennebunk, ME)

	Indication: Simply White Fluoride Toothpaste from Tom’s of Maine contains nonabrasive cleaning silicas to help whiten teeth without causing damage or sensitivity. The product is not tested on animals and does not contain animal ingredients. It is available in 2 flavors, clean mint and sweet mint, and can be purchased in a 4.7-oz tube for a suggested retail price of $4.99.

	For More Information: www.tomsofmaine.com

	

	Visine Summer Spectrum Relief Eye Drops

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Healthcare Products Division of McNEIL-PPC, Inc (Morris Plains, NJ)

	Indication: Targeted specifically for summertime eye irritation and redness, Visine Summer Spectrum Relief helps relieve irritation caused by swimming or exposure to sun or wind. The product, which can be used by adults and children 6 years and older, also provides moisture to protect against further eye irritation. It is available in a ½-fl oz bottle exclusively at CVS pharmacies.

	For More Information: www.visine.com

	

	Kid’s Xlear Nasal Spray 

	Marketed by: Xlear, Inc (Orem, UT)

	Indication: Kids Xlear is a nonaddictive nasal spray designed to help wash, hydrate, and moisturize the nasal passages and clean out the bacteria and particles that can lead to a cold, ear infection, sinusitis, or the flu. The product contains xylitol, a naturally occurring 5-carbon sugar alcohol that can help relieve nasal discomfort and promote dental health. Kids Xlear Nasal Spray can be used in children of all ages, and can be purchased at natural product retailers nationwide as well as online.

	For More Information: www.xlear.com

	

	Brainard’s Natural Remedies BlueBerry Antacid Tablets 

	Marketed by: Brainard’s Natural Remedies (Mammoth Lakes, CA)

	Indication: Brainard’s Natural Remedies all-natural blueberry chewable antacid tablets work to neutralize excess stomach acid and help relieve occasional indigestion while maintaining healthy stomach acids that the body needs for digestion. The product is available in 4 different sizes: a 4-count pouch ($2.95); a 10-count reusable tube ($4.95); a 30-count bottle ($9.95); and a 90-count bottle ($19.95).

	For More Information: www.brainardsnaturalremedies.com

	

	Naked Organix Body Butters and Soaps

	Marketed by: Organix-South (Bowling Green, FL)

	Indication: Organix-South has introduced Naked Organix, a line of 4 plant-based face and body butters with matching soaps designed to protect, repair, and moisturize the skin. Each of the 4 butter/soap combinations features a different therapeutic botanical ingredient: sea buckthorn, a plant that promotes cellular rejuvenation and protection from the signs of aging; argan, an oil that provides essential fatty acids and vitamin E to help nourish and moisturize dry skin; tamanu, a Polynesian plant that can help balance sensitive, blemish-prone skin; and neem oil, which contains antioxidants to help manage common skin challenges. All Naked Organix products are scent-free and gluten-free, and made without synthetic ingredients or chemicals.

	For More Information: http://organixsouth.com
