Chloraseptic Sore Throat Sprays Marketed by:
Prestige Brands, Inc (Irvington, NY)Indication: 
Chloraseptic Sore Throat Sprays have a new bottle design with an improved shape. The new bottles are easier to use one-handed, and fit more easily into medicine cabinets. Chloraseptic Sore Throat Sprays are indicated for the temporary relief of sore throat and mouth pain. The sprays are available in 6-oz bottles in cherry, menthol, grape, and soothing citrus flavors for a suggested retail price of $6.25.For More Information: www.chloraseptic.com Alkalol Marketed by: 
The Alkalol Company (Boston, MA)Indication: 
Alkalol is a preservative-free, hypertonic saline solution that contains a blend of natural extracts and essential oils to help dissolve mucus and provide drug-free relief from nasal congestion caused by sinusitis, allergies, and head colds. The product is a specially formulated soothing antiseptic wash that cleans and moisturizes nasal passages. It is available in drugstores and retail pharmacies. Alkalol is also available by pharmacist special order upon request.For More Information: 
www.alkalolcompany.com Achooz Saline Nose Wipes Marketed by: 
Little Busy Bodies Inc (Portland, OR)Indication: 
Achooz are saline nose wipes designed to break down mucus and eliminate the dryness and soreness that can occur with frequent nose wiping from a cold, allergies, or the flu. Achooz come in 2 varieties: fragrance-free for everyday use, and cool menthol for congestion relief. Each 15-count package is resealable and has a suggested retail price of $1.99. Achooz are available at Walgreens and other select retailers.For More Information: www.achooz.com 
HealthiFeet Marketed by: 
Tender Corporation (Littleton, NH)Indication: 
HealthiFeet is a topical moisturizing cream designed to relieve discomfort from cold feet. The cream contains L-arginine, a naturally occurring amino acid that the body uses to regulate circulation; use of the cream as directed gradually restores warmth to the feet. Healthifeet is available in 1.8- and 4-oz tubes, with suggested retail prices of $9.99 and $19.99, respectively. Healthifeet is available at Walmart, select Walgreens stores, and other leading food and drug retailers.For More Information: www.healthifeet.com 
PediaCare Marketed by: 
Blacksmith Brands by McNeil Consumer Healthcare, a division of McNeil-PPC Inc (Tarrytown, NY)Indication: 
PediaCare’s expanded line of OTC products for children and infants includes formulations with and without acetaminophen for the relief of cough, cold, allergies, the flu, congestion, fever, and pain. PediaCare is also launching a free iPhone application to help parents select the correct product for their child’s needs. The iPhone app is not a diagnostic tool, and is intended for information purposes only. PediaCare products are available at drugstores, supermarkets, and major retailers nationwide.For More Information: www.pediacare.comOs-Cal Calcium Supplements Marketed by: 
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (Moon Township, PA)Indication: 
Os-Cal has the highest amount of elemental calcium per tablet compared with calcium citrate sources. The brand increased the amount of vitamin D3 in its formulas to help optimize calcium absorption. The Extra D and Chewable formulas contain 600 IU of vitamin D3 and are available in 2 bottle sizes. The Ultra formulation contains 500 IU and is available in a 120-count bottle, and Calcium+D3 is available in 3 bottle sizes.For More Information: www.essentialsforlivingwell.com
