CARMEX HEALING CREAM Marketed by: 
Carma Laboratories Inc (Franklin, WI)Indication: 
Carma Laboratories introduces Carmex Healing Cream, a thick, concentrated formula that repairs extremely dry, cracked skin. The product contains 9 healing and moisturizing ingredients, and can be used anywhere on the body. Carmex Healing Cream will be available exclusively at Walgreens drug stores starting in August and through Drugstore.com starting in September. A 4-oz tube of Carmex Healing Cream has a suggested retail price of $5.99.For More Information: www.mycarmex.comPHILLIPS’ COLON HEALTH PROBIOTIC + FIBER Marketed by: 
Bayer Consumer Care (Morristown, NJ)Indication: 
Phillips’ Colon Health Probiotic + Fiber nourishes good bacteria in the digestive system and helps prevent occasional irregularity and constipation. The supplement contains a proprietary blend of 3 probiotic strains— Lactobacillus gasseri, Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Bifidobacterium longum—and the prebiotic fiber inulin. Phillips’ Colon Health Probiotic + Fiber is a flavorless powder, and each 1-tsp daily serving can be stirred into 8 oz of liquid or sprinkled directly on food.For More Information: www.phillipsrelief.com/ colon_fiber_product.htmlFUNGI-NAIL PEN Marketed by: 
Kramer Consumer Healthcare (Miami, FL)Indication: 
Fungi-Nail Pen’s brush applicator tip allows for a precise, no-spill application of antifungal medication to help kill finger and toe fungus. Fungi- Nail Pen should be applied under the nail and around the cuticle twice daily. Individuals should see results in 4 to 6 weeks. Fungi-Nail Pen contains 25% undecylenic acid, which the maximum strength available in an OTC product, and is available at CVS, Rite Aid, Giant of Carlisle, and Kerr Drug.For More Information: www.funginail.com
TRIAMINIC FEVER REDUCER PAIN RELIEVER Marketed by: 
Novartis Consumer Health Inc (Parsippany, NJ)Indication: 
Triaminic Fever Reducer Pain Reliever is the only branded children’s liquid acetaminophen currently available over the counter. The product is used to reduce fever and relieve minor aches and pains due to the common cold, flu, headache, minor sore throat, and toothache. It is intended for children aged 4 to12 years and is available in grape and bubblegum flavor. Triaminic Fever Reducer Pain Reliever is available at drugstores and grocery stores nationwide.For More Information: www.triaminic.com
LISTERINE ZERO MOUTHWASH Marketed by: 
Johnson & Johnson Healthcare Products (Morris Plains, NJ)Indication: 
Listerine Zero has a unique alcohol-free formula that is less intense than regular Listerine Antiseptic, but contains the same ingredients and 4 essential oils to kill millions of germs and freshen breath. The mouthwash should be used twice daily after brushing, and is available in Clean Mint flavor. Listerine Zero is available at all food, drug, and mass merchant outlets.For More Information: www.listerine.comCETAPHIL RESTORADERM MOISTURIZER Marketed by: 
Galderma Laboratories (Fort Worth, TX)Indication: 
Cetaphil Restoraderm Moisturizer was developed to nourish and restore itchy, irritated, eczema-prone skin that does not retain moisture properly. Free of fragrances, parabens, and nut oils, Cetaphil Restoraderm Moisturizer is appropriate for use on the entire body for individuals aged 3 months and older. Cetaphil Restoraderm Moisturizer is available at retail pharmacies and major retailers nationwide.For More Information: www.cetaphil.com/ Products/Restoraderm.aspxON THE WEB: For pharmacist-recommended OTC products, go to www.OTCGuide.net.
