HOT OTC 
TUMS DUAL ACTION Marketed by: 
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (Pittsburgh, PA)Indication: 
Tums Dual Action is a new fast-acting and long-lasting way to treat the symptoms of heartburn. It contains the antacid ingredients calcium carbonate and magnesium hydroxide with the addition of 10 mg of the acid reducer famotidine. Tums Dual Action is available in 25-, 50-, and 85-tablet containers of berry flavor and 25-tablet containers of mint flavor. Tums Dual Action is available at retail pharmacies and mass retailers.For More Information: www.tums.com/products_dualaction.aspx
ProOmega PROBIOTIC Marketed by: 
Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)Indication:
Nordic Naturals introduces ProOmega Probiotic, a blend of fish oil and the probiotic Bacillus coagulans to support the immune system and promote optimal gastrointestinal and digestive health. Each serving or two 1000-mg soft gels contains 1280 mg of omega-3s, 30 IU of vitamin E, and over 2 billion stable and viable probiotic spores. ProOmega is available in lemon flavor in 60-, 120-, and 180-count bottles and a 3-pack of 120-count bottles.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com
800-662-2544
GAS-X PREVENTION Marketed by: 
Novartis Consumer Health Inc (Parsippany, NJ)Indication: 
Gas-X Prevention is a dietary supplement containing the natural enzyme alpha galactosidase, which breaks down the difficult-to-digest complex carbohydrates in certain foods that can lead to intestinal gas. Adults should take 1 capsule of Gas-X Prevention before their first bite of a meal containing a gasproducing food, such as beans, broccoli, cabbage, or corn. Gas-X Prevention is available in 20- and 50-count bottles.For More Information: www.gasx.com/products-prevention.shtml
PEDIA-LAX FIBER GUMMIES Marketed by: 
Fleet Laboratories (Lynchburg, VA)Indication: 
Pedia-Lax Fiber Gummies are delicious dietary fiber supplements for children aged 2 to 11 years. Each gummy contains 1.5 g of fiber and no sugar, calories, or gluten. Children should chew 1 gummy 3 times daily to support digestive health and promote regularity. A 60-count bottle of gummies has a suggested retail price of $7.99 and is available at CVS, Target, and other major retailers.For More Information: www.fibergummies.com
VISINE MAXIMUM REDNESS RELIEF FORMULA Marketed by: 
Johnson & Johnson Healthcare Products (Morris Plains, NJ)Indication:
New Visine Maximum Redness Relief Formula eye drops combine the redness reliever tetrahydrozoline HCl with moisturizers to provide up to 10 hours of soothing relief for red, irritated eyes. One to 2 drops can be put in the affected eye or eyes up to 4 times daily. Visine Maximum Redness Relief Formula has a suggested retail price of $5.99.For More Information: www.visine.com
ACID SOOTHE Marketed by: 
Enzymedica Inc (Port Charlotte, FL)Indication: 
Acid Soothe contains natural, plant-based enzymes to relieve symptoms of gastrointestinal (GI) distress, including occasional heartburn, diarrhea, and indigestion. Acid Soothe contains the enzymes amylase, cellulose, and lipase combined with marshmallow root, papaya leaf, prickly ash, and gotu kola. Two Acid Soothe capsules can be taken after a meal to prevent GI symptoms or can be taken once symptoms begin. Acid Soothe is available at Whole Foods and other health food stores.For More Information: www.enzymedica.com/products/ Acid_Soothe
PHILLIPS’ COLON HEALTH PROBIOTIC + FIBERMarketed by: 
Bayer Consumer Care (Morristown, NJ)Indication: 
Phillips’ Colon Health Probiotic + Fiber nourishes good bacteria in the digestive system and helps prevent occasional irregularity and constipation. The supplement contains a proprietary blend of 3 probiotic strains—Lactobacillus gasseri, Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Bifidobacterium longum—and the prebiotic fiber inulin. Phillips’ Colon Health Probiotic + Fiber is a flavorless powder, and each 1-tsp daily serving can be stirred into 8 oz of liquid or sprinkled directly on food.For More Information: http://phillipsrelief.com/colon_fiber_product.html
FLEET NATURALS CLEANSING ENEMA Marketed by: 
Fleet Laboratories (Lynchburg, VA)Indication: 
Fleet Naturals Cleansing Enema is the first enema designed specifically for elective cleansing. Fleet Naturals Cleansing Enema comes with a water-based lubricant and is a hygienic, premeasured, single-use enema prefilled with an isotonic cleansing solution made with purified water. This enema is not a laxative, and is not indicated for relieving constipation. The new formula, made with aloe, does not contain any drugs or fragrances, and is gentle enough for daily use.For More Information: www.fleetnaturals.com
VITAFUSION FIBER GUMMIES Marketed by: 
Northwest Natural Products (Vancouver, WA)Indication: 
Vitafusion Fiber Gummies are sugar-free, fruit-flavored fiber dietary supplements that offer individuals an alternative to fiber tablets and drink powders. Each serving of 2 gummies contains 5 g of fiber. Vitafusion Fiber Gummies come in a 90-count bottle containing peach, strawberry, and blackberry flavors. The gummies are available in the digestive health aisles of Target, CVS, Duane Reade, and other food and drug retailers nationwide.For More Information: www.nwnaturalproducts.com/vitafusion/fiber.php
888-334-5389
NATURE MADE VITAMIN D 400IU CHEWABLE TABLETS Marketed by: 
Nature Made (Mission Hills, CA)Indication: 
Nature Made Vitamin D 400 IU Chewable Tablets are made with 100% vitamin D3, a potent and naturally occurring form of vitamin D that helps maintain levels of vitamin D in the body. Adults and children can take 1 orange-flavored tablet daily with a meal. Nature Made Vitamin D 400 IU Chewable Tablets are available in 90-, 240-, and 360-count bottles.For More Information: www.naturemade.com
