Hot OTC 
renu fresh Multi- Purpose Contact Lens SolutionMarketed by:
Bausch & Lomb Inc (Rochester, NY)Indication:
ReNu MultiPlus is now renu fresh—a multipurpose contact lens solution that cleans, fights germs, removes protein, and disinfects soft contact lenses. renu fresh is available in a new clear bottle that allows patients to see the clarity of their solution and know when the bottle is almost empty. renu fresh’s formula works with the eye’s natural tears and conditions lenses for comfortable all-day wear.For More Information:www.renu.com/renu-fresh-multi-purpose-solution.htmlVisine Total Eye Soothing Wipes Marketed by: 
Johnson & Johnson Healthcare Products (Morris Plains, NJ)Indication: 
Visine Total Eye Soothing Wipes are designed to gently clean around the eye area, removing make-up, debris, and irritants such as dust and pollen. Each wipe contains a gentle cleanser derived from coconut and fruit sugars on a soft, thick fabric pad with 8 moisturizers to hydrate the delicate eye area. Visine Total Eye Soothing Wipes are available at food, drug, and mass merchandisers. A 30-count package of wipes retails for $6.99.For More Information: www.renu.com/renu-fresh-multi-purpose-solution.htmlNicorette Mini Lozenge Marketed by: 
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (Pittsburgh, PA)Indication: 
Nicorette introduces their first smoking cessation product in lozenge form—Nicorette Mini Lozenges. The breath mint–sized mini lozenges come in a pocket-sized package and offer relief from nicotine cravings on the go. The lozenges are available in 2- and 4-mg formulations. They have a refreshing mint flavor and dissolve up to 3 times faster than other nicotine replacement lozenges.For More Information: www.nicorette.com/Products/Nicorette-mini.aspxTheraNeem Organix Men’s Lotion Marketed by: Organix-South (Bowling Green, FL)Indication: 
TheraNeem Organix Men’s Lotion— made with certified organic neem, jojoba oil, and aloe vera—is formulated to nourish and hydrate a man’s skin. It can be used on the face and body, and calms, cools, and soothes the skin after shaving. TheraNeem Organix Men’s Lotion has a woodsy aroma from a blend of oakmoss, fir, and cedarwood oils. The 8-oz bottle with a pump has a suggested retail price of $12.95.For More Information: www.organixsouth.com
888-989-NEEM (6336)Carex EZ Stretch Cast Protectors Marketed by: 
Carex Health Brands (Oakland, CA)Indication:
Carex introduces new EZ Stretch Cast Protectors, designed to keep casts and bandages completely dry while a patient showers or bathes. Made of highly durable, water-resistant, latex-free material, Carex EZ Stretch Cast Protectors tightly selfseal around a cast or bandage without tape or special straps and are reusable. The cast protectors will be available this summer in arm and leg models at independent pharmacies, drugstores, and retailers for a suggested retail price of $10.49.For More Information:www.carex.com 
800-328-2935DIDGET Blood Glucose Monitoring System Marketed by: 
Bayer Diabetes Care, a division of Bayer HealthCare (Tarrytown, NY)Indication: 
Bayer’s DIDGET meter is designed for children aged 4 to 14 years and is the only blood glucose meter that connects to the Nintendo DS and DS Lite gaming systems. The DIDGET meter reinforces consistent blood glucose monitoring habits by awarding points that children can use to unlock new game levels. The meter offers 2 difficulty levels, and uses the same technology as Bayer’s Contour monitoring system. The DIDGET meter has a suggested retail price of $74.99, and is available at CVS and Walgreens pharmacies.For More Information: www.bayerdidget.com CryoSTAT Hemorrhoid Relief Marketed by: 
Lil’ Drug Store Products (Cedar Rapids, IA)Indication: 
CryoSTAT is a new cold therapy treatment that provides prompt, mess-free relief of the itching, burning, pain, and swelling caused by hemorrhoids. CryoSTAT cold packs are covered in a soft, comfortable cloth, and are nontoxic, odorless, and disposable. To use, place a CryoSTAT cold pack in the freezer for 2 hours, and apply to the affected area for 6 to 10 minutes. CryoSTAT is available in a 6-pack box at Walgreens stores and online at www.drugstore.com.For More Information: www.cryo-stat.comOrajel Severe Pain Gel Marketed by: 
Church & Dwight Co, Inc (Princeton, NJ)Indication: 
Orajel introduces Severe Pain Gel for the relief of severe toothache pain. Also available as a cream, this new formula contains 20% benzocaine and 0.25% menthol. It works immediately, soothing and cooling the painful area for hours. Orajel Severe Pain Gel is available at major drugstores, grocery stores, and mass retailers, and will have the new packaging seen here starting in mid-2010.For More Information: www.orajel.com/products/adult/toothache/severe_ pain.htmNature Made SleepMarketed by:
Nature Made Nutritional Products (Mission Hills, CA) Indication:
Nature Made Sleep is a new, non–habit-forming, 100% drug-free sleep aid supplement made with herbal extracts, melatonin, and L-theanine, the natural relaxant found in green tea. Nature Made Sleep contains no artificial flavors, preservatives, yeast, starch, or gluten. Individuals aged 16 and older can take 1 liquid softgel 30 minutes before bed. Nature Made Sleep comes in 30- and 60-count packages and is available at major drugstores.For More Information:www.naturemade.com/sleep â–
