Hot OTCZyrtec 10 mg Liquid Gels Marketed by: 
McNeil Consumer Healthcare (Ft Washington, PA) Indication: 
Zyrtec 10 mg Liquid Gels temporarily relieve symptoms due to hay fever or other respiratory allergies, such as sneezing, runny nose, itchy or watery eyes, and itching of the nose and throat. Each Liquid Gel contains 10 mg of cetirizine HCl in an easyto- swallow and fast-acting formulation that can be taken once every 24 hours. Zyrtec Liquid Gels can be found in drugstores and mass retailers. For More Information: www.zyrtec.com Carex WheelchairMarketed by: 
Carex Health Brands (Oakland, CA) Indication: 
Carex Health Brands recently launched the Carex Wheelchair, which has a lightweight and compact design that folds flat for easy storage. Weighing only 38.2 lb with its front riggings detached, the wheelchair has padded arm rests that flip back to allow the user to get close to the table during meals. The Carex Wheelchair is available at select retailers and has a suggested retail price of $249.99. For More Information: www.carex.com 
800-328-2935 Cabot P.O.L. Cream Marketed by: 
Cooperlabs Ltd (Ventura, CA)Indication: 
Cabot P.O.L. Cream is a patented formula with 25% pure omental lipids that moisturizes, soothes, and protects vulnerable skin. It contains moisturizing and restorative ingredients—including vitamins A and E—that help relieve itching related to rashes, dermatitis, eczema, and psoriasis. Cabot P.O.L. Cream is ideal for skin challenges resulting from diabetes, incontinence, and radiation treatments. The cream is available on the Cooperlabs Web site and at independent or hospital pharmacies. For More Information: www.cooperlabs.com/POL/ 
800-645-5048 CitraNatal B-Calm Marketed by: 
Mission Pharmacal (San Antonio, TX) Indication: 
CitraNatal B-Calm offers prenatal nutrition and supplements a woman’s defense against pregnancy-related nausea and vomiting with vitamin B6, which the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends for pregnant women who experience morning sickness. CitraNatal B-Calm contains 25 mg of vitamin B6 per dose, along with folic acid, calcium citrate, and carbonyl iron, and 1 tablet can be taken every 8 hours. For More Information: www.citranatal.com MidNite PM Marketed by: 
Concepts in Health Inc (Blauvelt, NY) Indication: 
MidNite PM contains the same natural sleep ingredients as original MidNite— melatonin, lavender, lemon balm, and chamomile—and now includes bromelain, a pineapple derivative that relieves minor occasional pain. MidNite PM is not a sedative—it works by relaxing the body and encouraging the natural sleep cycle to begin—and it will not cause grogginess. MidNite PM does not contain any drugs, and is gluten and lactose free. For More Information: www.midnitesleep.com/about/midnitepm.php Help Marketed by: 
Help Remedies (New York, NY)Indication: 
Help Remedies offers a line of OTC products called Help that are designed to make shopping easier. Help uses everyday language and environmentally friendly packaging on its 6 products, which address common ailments such as allergies, insomnia, body aches, and headache. Each pill is made of a strong dose of the most effective ingredient, with the fewest possible fillers, coatings, and dyes. In April, Help will be available in Duane Reade drugstores.For More Information: www.helpineedhelp.com Visine Totality Multi-Symptom Relief Eye Drops Marketed by: 
Johnson & Johnson Healthcare Products (Skillman, NJ) Indication: 
Visine Totality Multi-Symptom Relief Eye Drops offer relief for red, burning, itchy, gritty, and irritated eyes caused by indoor and outdoor irritants, like dust, pollen, ragweed, and dry air. Individuals aged 6 and older can put 1 to 2 drops in the affected eye(s) up to 4 times daily. Visine Totality Multi-Symptom Relief is available in a 15-mL bottle and has a suggested retail price of $6.99. For More Information: www.visine.com/product-visine-multi-symptom-relief.jsp 
Clear Ears Marketed by: 
Cirrus Healthcare Products, LLC (Cold Spring Harbor, NY) Indication: 
Clear Ears is a patent-pending earplug for use after swimming or bathing to remove trapped water that can cause ear discomfort and problems, such as swimmer’s ear. Containing a polymer that draws water from the ears, Clear Ears works in 5 to 10 minutes and is safe for adults and children. Clear Ears is available at CVS and Duane Reade, and comes in a box of 5 pairs of earplugs for $6.99 or 10 pairs of earplugs for $11.99. For More Information: www.cirrushealthcare.com/ClearEars-C16.aspx MucoStop To Go Marketed by: 
Enzymedica, Inc (Port Charlotte, FL) Indication: 
MucoStop To Go supports healthy immunity and seasonal well-being, and is now available in a convenient travel- sized package. MucoStop To Go contains a blend of proteolytic enzymes—formulated to support normal mucus function and aid in the body’s ability to break down and remove excess mucus—and amylase, which helps balance the body’s histamine response. The 12-count pop-top bottle has a suggested retail price of $9.98. For More Information: www.enzymedica.com Nelsons Pure & Clear Acne Treatment Tablets Marketed by: 
Nelsons (North Andover, MA) Indication: 
Nelsons Pure & Clear Acne Treatment Tablets offer a homeopathic treatment for the symptoms of acne. Each tablet contains sulfur 30c; patients with acne should take 2 tablets every hour for the first 6 doses, and then 3 times daily between meals until acne and blemishes subside. Nelsons Pure & Clear Acne Treatment Tablets come in a 45-tablet package and have a suggested retail price of $6.95. The tablets and the entire line of Nelsons Pure & Clear skin products are available at Whole Foods Market locations. For More Information: www.nelsonsnaturalworld.com/en-us/us/our-brands/nelsons-pure-clear/ â–  âžœMore on the Web: 
For pharmacist-recommended OTC products, go to www.OTCGuide.net.
