Hot OTCOmeprazole Magnesium Delayed-Release 20.6 mg Capsules Marketed by:
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (Charlotte, NC) Indications: 
Dr. Reddy’s new OTC Omeprazole Magnesium Delayed-Release Capsules—a proton pump inhibitor —work by reducing acid in the stomach. The product is comparable to the active ingredient in Prilosec OTC, a registered trademark of AstraZeneca AB, and is the only FDA-approved and available generic OTC containing 20.6 mg of Omeprazole Magnesium. Omeprazole Magnesium Delayed-Release Capsules are available in 14-, 28-, and 42-count packages, each containing easy-to-swallow capsules. 
For More Information: 
www.DrReddys.com Cramp 911 Muscle Relaxing Roll-on LotionMarketed by: 
DelCorean LLC (Orefield, PA) Indication: 
Cramp 911 is a new muscle-relaxing topical analgesic that offers a safe, effective homeopathic treatment for acute muscle spasms. Rolled on to the afflicted area, the fast-acting formula is quickly drawn deep into the muscle, where it relieves pain brought on by muscle cramps, contractions, spasms, and fatigue from overexertion for up to 8 hours. Cramp 911 is available in a 4.5-mL travel size and a 21-mL size for home use. For More Information: 
www.cramp911.com 
800-696-1490 Excedrin Menstrual Complete Express Gels Marketed by: 
Novartis Consumer Health (Parsippany, NJ) Indication: 
Excedrin Menstrual Complete Express Gels contain acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine— 3 ingredients that temporarily relieve 5 major menstrual symptoms: bloating, cramps, muscle aches, headache, and fatigue. Excedrin Menstrual Complete is available in 20- and 40-count bottles. Adults and children aged 12 and older are recommended to take 2 gelcaps every 6 hours with a full glass of water, not to exceed 8 gelcaps in 24 hours. For More Information: 
www.excedrin.com/excedrin-menstrual-complete.shtml   Zentrip Medicated Motion Sickness Strips Marketed by: 
Sato Pharmaceutical (Torrance, CA)Indication: 
Sato Pharmaceutical introduces Zentrip for relief of the nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness. A citrus-flavored strip containing meclizine hydrochloride, Zentrip is applied directly to the tongue, eliminating the need for water when traveling. Zentrip provides fast-acting relief for up to 8 hours, and should be taken an hour before traveling for best results. An 8-strip package has a suggested retail price between $4.99 and $5.99. For More Information: 
www.zentripsato.com BD Lactinex Lactobacillus Marketed by: 
BD Diagnostics (Sparks, MD)Indication: 
BD Diagnostics recently revised the UPC barcodes on its BD Lactinex Lactobacillus products to help ensure accuracy when dispensing the product. BD Lactinex Lactobacillus dietary supplements are a blend of the probiotics Lactobacillus helveticus (bulgaricus) and Lactobacillus acidophilus. L. acidophilus occurs naturally in the intestinal tract, mouth, and vagina, and protects against the proliferation of harmful bacteria. BD Lactinex Lactobacillus products are available in tablets (50 tablets/ bottle), and granules (12 packets/box) behind the pharmacy counter. 
For More Information: 
www.bd.com/LactinexFirst Response Early Result Pregnancy TestMarketed by: 
Church & Dwight Co Inc (Princeton, NJ)Indications: 
The FDA has approved the First Response Early Result Pregnancy Test—the first test on the market that can determine pregnancy up to 6 days before the day of a woman’s missed period. Patent-pending Polymeric Amplification Technology allows the First Response Early Result Pregnancy Test to detect the presence of the pregnancy hormone 1 day earlier than other tests. The test is available in major grocery stores, drugstores, and other retailers nationwide. For More Information:
www.firstresponse.com/earlyPregTest.asp Vidazorb Belly Boost Chewable Probiotics Marketed by: 
Little Calumet Holdings (Beltsville, MD) Indications:
Designed to support a child’s digestive and immune systems, Vidazorb’s Belly Boost chewable probiotics are made using Bifidobacterium BB-12 and Streptococcus thermophilus TH-4. Belly Boost comes in a kidfriendly bee shape and wild berry flavor, and each dose delivers 10 billion colony-forming units. For adults and children aged 4 and older, take 1 chewable tablet 3 times daily, preferably with meals. Belly Boost is available on the Vidazorb Web site and at www. drugstore.com. For More Information: 
www.vidazorb.com 
www.zorbee.com Bayer Heart Health Advantage Marketed by: 
Bayer HealthCare LLC (Morristown, NJ)Indications: 
Heart Health Advantage is an aspirin-free supplement that contains plant-based phytosterols, which work with your body to block the absorption of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Not intended as a replacement for cholesterol-lowering medications, Heart Health Advantage can be added to an existing aspirin regimen. Adults and children aged 12 and older should take 1 caplet twice daily with meals or as directed by a physician. For More Information: 
www.hearthealthadvantage.com 
800-331-4536 Gold Bond Ultimate Hand Sanitizer Moisturizer Marketed by: 
Chattem Inc (Chattanooga, TN) Indications: 
Gold Bond Ultimate Hand Sanitizer Moisturizer is an alcohol-free hand sanitizer that contains 7 moisturizers and 5 essential vitamins. This patentpending formula will not dry out the skin and contains the active ingredient benzethonium chloride, which has been proven to kill 99.9% of common germs and bacteria in 15 seconds. Gold Bond Ultimate Hand Sanitizer Moisturizer is available at drug, grocery, and mass market retailers nationwide in a 12-oz pump (retail price $8.99), 2.7-oz tube (retail price $4.49), or 1-oz tube ($1.49). For More Information: 
www.goldbondultimate.com St. Ives Naturally Clear Green Tea Cleanser Marketed by: 
Alberto-Culver (Melrose Park, IL) Indications: 
St. Ives Naturally Clear Green Tea Cleanser contains 2% salicylic acid to fight acne blemishes and green tea to reduce redness and irritation of the skin. Oil-free, hypoallergenic, and noncomedogenic, the cleanser is formulated without parabens or phthalates, and is gentle enough to be used daily. St. Ives Naturally Clear Green Tea Cleanser is not tested on animals, and has a suggested retail price of $5.69. For More Information: 
www.stives.com/products/facial-products/naturallyclear/green-tea-cleanser.aspx â–  

For pharmacist-recommended OTC products, visit: www.OTCGuide.net.
