Hot OTCZEGERID OTC 
Marketed by: 
Schering-Plough Consumer HealthCare (Kenilworth, NJ) Indication: 
ZEGERID OTC treats frequent heartburn by controlling and suppressing acid for a full 24 hours. ZEGERID OTC contains a patented dual-ingredient formula that combines the prescription acid-reducing medicine (omeprazole) with sodium bicarbonate, which protects the omeprazole from acid in the stomach. ZEGERID OTC capsules will be available in their original prescription formula from mass retailers in the first half of 2010. 
For More Information: 
www.zegeridotc.com/index.html SPONIX Foot Therapy Spray Marketed by: 
BioRx Laboratories (Beverly Hills, CA) 
Indication: 
SPONIX Foot Therapy Spray is an all-natural formula that combines a high concentration of deep penetrating natural ingredients, including tea tree, witch hazel, and peppermint oils, to help to exfoliate and soften dry, calloused, cracked, rough skin of the feet and toes. SPONIX Foot Therapy Spray has a water-free, alcoholfree, and diabetic-friendly formula that comes in a 2-oz spray for a suggested retail price of $14.99. SPONIX’s products are not tested on animals and made in the United States. For More Information: 
www.biorxlabs.com Me Again Cooling Gel Marketed by: 
Lake Consumer Products, Inc (Jackson, WI) Indication: 
Me Again Cooling Gel Hot Flash Relief is an all-natural topical gel that is applied with a roller ball to the back of the neck or wrists of those experiencing a hot flash. The gel provides an immediate cooling sensation that effectively helps decrease the discomfort associated with hot flashes caused by menopause. The hands-free roller ball provides for mess-free application. The suggested retail price is $9.99. For More Information: 
www.meagainonline.com 
800-635-3696  Spenco Earthbound Marketed by: 
Spenco Medical Corp (Waco, TX) Indications: 
Spenco takes bigger steps in its commitment to a greener environment with the introduction of a replacement insole made from 55% recycled and renewable materials. The Spenco Earthbound replacement insole is designed for active consumers seeking firmer support, motion control, and cushioning in a more environmentally sustainable footbed. The insoles come in women’s sizes from 3 to 12 and men’s sizes from 6 to 15 for a suggested retail price of $39.99. For More Information: 
www.spenco.com SymptomPak Marketed by: 
Essential Home OTCs, LLC (Tulsa, OK) Indications: 
SymptomPak is like a first aid kit for a cold. In a small, easy-to-store box, it contains 5 of the individual ingredients pharmacists agree are most often needed for colds, cough, fever, and flu. The individual ingredients come in separate bottles, rather than in one multisymptom pill or liquid. This means a patient with a cold can treat only the symptoms he or she has, instead of taking medication for all cold symptoms. SymptomPak is available online and in major retail stores for a suggested retail price of $24.99. Refills are also available. For More Information: 
www.symptompak.com Nasal SoftStrips Marketed by: 
Clerisy Corporation (Rochester, NY) Indications: 
Clerisy’s Nasal SoftStrips offer consumers a safe, effective, and all-natural way to manage their health. Currently available in Appetite Control and Stress Relief formulas, SoftStrips are applied to the nose without adhesives and work by releasing vapors from distilled oils and extracts that interact with receptors in the nasal cavity, triggering nerve signals to the brain. The peppermint blend in Appetite Control curbs hunger, while the lavender blend of Stress Relief promotes relaxation. Users must breathe deeply for at least 2 minutes with the strip in place. 
For More Information: 
www.nasalsoftstrips.com Pedal Exerciser with Digital Display Marketed by: 
Carex Health Brands (Sioux Falls, SD) Indications: 
For those who are undergoing rehabilitation after injury or for seniors who want to remain fit, the new Pedal Exerciser allows users to exercise their arms and legs while closely monitoring progress with its digital display. Display features include time elapsed, calories burned, and the number of repetitions undertaken. The Pedal Exerciser folds up for storage, has anti-slip rubber pads for safety, and features a resistance knob that can be turned up as a user’s strength and endurance improve. Available at select retailers, the Pedal Exerciser has a suggested retail price of $59.99. 
For More Information: 
www.carex.com 
800-328-2935 La Fresh Sampler Travel Kit Marketed by: 
La Fresh Group, Inc (Ontario, CA) Indications: 
La Fresh Sampler Travel Kits contain 16 single-use personal wipes, which are convenient, lightweight, easy to use, and a possible alternative to bottles and tubes that can make a mess in luggage. La Fresh Towelettes are FDA approved for travel onboard a plane, which alleviates the fuss of airline security lines and the expense of throwing away oversized personal care items. Perfect for carry-on use, the Sampler Travel Kit includes an antibacterial towelette, deodorant towelettes, shaving gel, make-up remover towelettes, and many more. It is available on the La Fresh Web site for $5.99 with free shipping. Full-size versions of the kits with 30 towelettes are available for men and women. All La Fresh Towelettes are made from biodegradable materials in the USA.For More Information: 
www.lafreshgroup.com 
888-5-LA-FRESH Immune Boost Marketed by: 
Natrol, Inc (Chatsworth, CA)Indications: 
Natrol’s Immune Boost is a scientifically formulated product that can be taken every day or at the first sign of sickness to help support the body’s immune system. Immune Boost contains Epicor, a proprietary superfood complex that is fast-acting and contains plant-based antioxidants and betaglucans, as well as vitamins, minerals, enzymes, and amino acids. The capsules contain 100% or more of the daily values of vitamin C, vitamin D, zinc, and selenium. Designed to be taken once daily with a meal, Immune Boost is safe for adults and children aged 9 and older. The product comes in 30- and 50-count packages and is available at mass market retailers. For More Information: 
www.natrol.com 
800-2-NATROL LACTINOL HX Marketed by: 
PEDiNOL Pharmacal, Inc (Farmingdale, NY) Indications: 
PEDiNOL announces the launch of LACTINOL HX, a new OTC formulation of the LACTINOL brand moisturizers. LACTINOL HX uses the moisturizing power of lactic acid to increase skin water content, remove dead skin cells, and promote complete skin health without a prescription. The moisturizer can be applied to dry, rough skin twice daily. LACTINOL HX is available through local pharmacies, podiatrists, and PEDiNOL’s Web site. For More Information: 
www.pedinol.com 
800-733-4665 â–
