Hot OTC
CONTOUR USB Marketed by: 
Bayer Diabetes Care (Tarrytown, NY) Indication:
The FDA recently gave marketing approval to the CONTOUR USB, the first and only blood glucose monitor that plugs directly into a computer, providing users with instant access to information that can help optimize their diabetes management. The CONTOUR USB meter can store up to 2000 test results and is integrated with Glucofacts DELUXE software for easy data retrieval and long-term tracking and analysis of blood glucose test results. The meter offers customizable features, such as intuitive pre- and post-meal marking, and 500 MB of extra memory for storage of personal diabetes information. For More Information: 
www.BayerContourUSB.com 
OraMoist Dry Mouth Patch Marketed by: 
Quantum Health (Eugene, OR) Indication: 
OraMoist is a revolutionary technology - a muco-adhesive patch that attaches to the roof of the mouth and then slowly dissolves moistening the mouth for hours. The patch releases a lipid to lubricate the mouth, enzymes to replace those found in saliva, xylitol to restore oral health, and lemon to stimulate the body's own natural production of saliva. The product is clinically proven effective to alleviate dry mouth for hours - day or night. Each box contains 16 alcohol -free patches and retails for $9.99. For More Information: 
www.quantumhealth.com 
800-448-1448Citracal Calcium plus Heart Health Marketed by: 
Bayer Consumer Care (Morristown, NJ) Indication: 
Citracal Calcium plus Heart Health, a new formulation of the calcium supplement Citracal, includes phytosterols, a natural plant ingredient that may reduce the risk of heart disease by lowering cholesterol. Citracal Calcium plus Heart Health supports both bone and heart health. In addition to its cholesterol-lowering phytosterols, each daily dose has 1260 mg of calcium and advanced levels of vitamin D to support calcium absorption. For More Information: 
www.citracal.com Neosporin Lip Health Overnight Renewal Therapy Marketed by:
Johnson & Johnson (New Brunswick, NJ) Indication: 
Neosporin Lip Health Overnight Renewal Therapy combines essential lipids and antioxidants to penetrate deep within the lip’s surface to restore visibly healthier lips in 3 days. Neosporin Lip Health Overnight Renewal Therapy works during the body’s natural recovery process while sleeping. The product also contains peptides, vitamins, and emollients to help nourish and strengthen lips. It is available in a 0.27-oz (7.7 g) pot, with a suggested retail price of $4.99. For More Information: 
www.neolips.com Temple Touch Marketed by: 
Medism Inc (Holly Springs, NC)Indication: 
Temple Touch digital thermometers accurately measure body heat using state-of-the-art technology to track heat flow generated from blood vessels to the skin’s surface and convert the measurement to body temperature. The noninvasive thermometer delivers results in 6 to 7 seconds after touching the probe to the temple, providing ease of use on a sleeping infant or child. The Temple Touch Mini is currently sold under the ReliOn brand at Walmart and the Temple Touch Premium is sold under the Walgreens brand. The company also plans to introduce branded versions of both products. For More Information: 
www.Medisim-USA.com 
Yeast-Gard Marketed by: 
Lake Consumer Products (Jackson, WI) Indication: 
Yeast-Gard Homeopathic allnatural Feminine Wash incorporates antifungal tea tree oil to help restore and maintain a balanced vaginal environment. The product is specially formulated to help sustain the natural bacteria that help guard against yeast infections. Yeast-Gard Feminine Wash is suitable for regular use and comes in a 6.7-oz bottle that retails for $6.99. For More Information: 
www.LakeConsumer.com 
800-635-3696 Nicotine Lozenges Marketed by: 
Perrigo Company (Allegan, MI) Indication: 
The Perrigo Company recently received approval from the FDA to market coated nicotine polacrilex lozenge USP, over the counter, to aid smoking cessation. The new products will be marketed under store brand labels and are comparable to GlaxoSmithKline’s Commit lozenge. The lozenges are available in 2- and 4-mg strengths in cherry and cinnamon flavors. For More Information: 
www.perrigo.com AlcoHAWK One Test Marketed by: 
Q3 Innovations LLC (Independence, IA)Indication: 
The AlcoHAWK One Test is a new FDA-approved disposable, handheld alcohol screening device designed for testing blood alcohol content (BAC). Users blow through the tube, and a color change inside indicates whether the breath sample is at or above the BAC testing level of the unit. The AlcoHAWK One Test features an indicator to let the user know whether a sufficient breath sample has been obtained. The manufacturer’s suggested retail price for the One Test is $3.99 per unit. For More Information: 
www.alcohawk.com SPONIX Nail Gel Marketed by: 
BioRx Laboratories (Beverly Hills, CA)Indication: 
SPONIX Nail Gel is a natural, nontoxic, water-free formulation that encourages healing by removing keratin buildup from under the nail bed, effectively restoring strength to the nail. It helps protect the new keratin cells that emerge from below the cuticle skin and resolve the discomfort associated with unsightly nails. The product is indicated for yellow, discolored, dull, or streaked toe and finger nails and comes in a 2-oz bottle with a suggested retail price of $14.98. For More Information: 
www.sponixproducts.com HemCon Nasal Plugs Marketed by: 
HemCon Medical Technologies Inc (Portland, OR)Indication: 
HemCon Nasal Plugs offer a quick, comfortable, and reliable solution to stop nasal bleeding, using the proprietary ingredient (m.doc), an active, microdispersed oxidized cellulose to stop anterior bleeding fast. When in contact with blood, the dressing rapidly expands into a soft, comfortable sponge to provide pressure and absorb blood. The exterior of the plug is coated to prevent it from sticking to the walls of the nose during removal. HemCon dressings are pain-, odor-, and burn-free, and the plug can be easily cut to size with scissors to meet the patient’s needs. For More Information: 
www.hemcon.com â–
