HOT Rx
Claritin Eye
Marketed by:  Schering-Plough Consumer HealthCare (Kenilworth, NJ)
Indication:  Claritin Eye is an antihistamine eye drop that works in minutes to relieve the itch of allergy eyes due to pollen, ragweed, grass, animal hair, and dander. The nondrowsy formula provides relief for up to 12 hours with one drop. It relieves itch at the source by blocking the histamine that causes itchy eyes. Claritin Eye is safe and effective for adults and children aged 3 and older when used as directed.
For More Information: www.claritin.com
 
 
 
 

 
Cepacol Fizzlers
Marketed by: Combe Inc (White Plains, NY)
Indication: Cepacol has introduced Cepacol Fizzlers, a single-symptom sore throat relief product designed specifically for children aged 5 to 12 experiencing sore throat pain. Grape-tasting Fizzlers dissolve rapidly on the child’s tongue for rapid pain relief in a convenient one-tablet dose. The product contains a topical anesthetic and no unnecessary ingredients. The suggested retail price is $5.99.
For More Information:www.cepacol.com 
 
 
 
 
 

Carmex Moisture Plus
Marketed by: Carma Laboratories (Milwaukee, WI)
Indication: Carmex Moisture Plus ultra hydrating lip balm helps to nourish and moisturize lips with SPF 15 for sun protection. The product’s intense moisturizing benefits are derived from such ingredients as vitamin E, aloe, shea butter, and avocado butter. Carmex Moisture Plus can be used by itself or over lip color, and it comes in a slant-tip applicator at a suggested retail price of $2.99.
For More Information: www.mycarmex.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Robitussin To Go
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (Madison, NJ)
Indication: Robitussin To Go provides convenient cough and cold symptom relief for individuals aged 12 and older when they are on the go or away from home. Robitussin To Go comes in packs containing 10 prefilled, single-dose, 10-mL spoons, and it is available in 2 formulations: DM Cough & Chest Congestion (with dextromethorphan and guaifenesin) and CF Cough & Cold, which contains those 2 active ingredients, plus 10 mg of the decongestant phenylephrine HCl.
For More Information: www.robitussin.com

 
 
 
Bed Buddy Foot & Hand Warmers
Marketed by: Carex Health Brands (Oakland, CA)
Indication: Bed Buddy Hand & Foot Warmers are now available together in one package. The new gift set features Bed Buddy Moist Heat ThermaTherapy for soothing comfort, using 100% natural materials. The warmers provide relief from aches and pains and are lightly fragranced with aromatherapy—including eucalyptus, clove, and cinnamon. Bed Buddy products are designed to help people of virtually all ages and health profiles. The suggested retail price for the pink Bed Buddy Hand & Foot Warmers Gift Set is $24.99. The manufacturer is donating a portion of the proceeds to the fight against breast cancer.
For More Information: www.carex.com 800-328-2935
 
 
Clofera
 
Marketed by: Centrix Pharmaceutical Inc (Birmingham, AL)
Indication: Clofera is indicated for the temporary relief of cough and nasal congestion due to the common cold, hay fever, or upper respiratory allergies. Clofera contains a nonnarcotic antitussive—chlophedianol hydrochloride (12.5 mg)—and the nasal decongestant pseudoephedrine hydrochloride (30 mg). The product, available in grape flavor, contains no dextromethorphan or antihistamines and is specifically formulated without sugar, alcohol, dyes, or gluten to meet particular consumer needs and address patient sensitivities.
For More Information: www.cenrx.com
 
 
 
 
Polyethylene Glycol 3350
 
Marketed by: Perrigo Company (Allegan, MI)
Indication: Perrigo Company has received final FDA approval for its abbreviated new drug application for OTC Polyethylene Glycol 3350, Powder for Solution, for the treatment of occasional constipation. The announcement was made in October, with the product expected to begin shipping immediately. Polyethylene Glycol 3350, Powder for Solution, will be marketed under store brand labels and is comparable to Schering-Plough’s MiraLAX.
For More Information: www.perrigo.com
 
 
Homeopathic BV Treatment
 
Marketed by: Lake Consumer Products (Jackson, WI)
Indication: Homeopathic BV Treatment has been recently launched by vH essentials, a new brand in the feminine hygiene category, to help promote, maintain, and restore vaginal health. BV Treatment is a timerelease vaginal insert for relief from the odor, discharge, and discomfort often associated with bacterial vaginosis. The unique homeopathic formula is delivered in a base of vitamin C to help further support normalization of vaginal pH and the restoration of vaginal flora. BV Treatment’s easy-to-use insert employs time-release technology to deliver daytime or nighttime treatment. The product comes in a box of 6 inserts, with 6 individually wrapped applicators, for a suggested retail price of $24.99.
For More Information: www.LakeConsumer.com 800-635-3696
 
 
TRUE2go in Colors
Marketed by: Home Diagnostics Inc (Fort Lauderdale, FL)
Indication: The True2go blood glucose meter is now available for patients with diabetes to personalize their meter with a choice of 4 colors. The meter delivers the same technology, affordability, size, and convenience of the original True2go. True2go is about the size of a quarter and small enough to fit in a pocket or purse. The meter attaches to the top of a vial of test strips, offering patients the convenience of on-the-go testing. The product features no-coding technology and a small sample size to make it more convenient for patients with diabetes to test their blood glucose levels more often. True2go Colors has a suggested retail price of $9.99.
For More Information: www.homediagnostics.com
 

Digest Gold + PROBIOTICS
Marketed by: Enzymedica Inc (Port Charlotte, FL)
Indication: Digest Gold + PROBIOTICS combines Enzymedica’s digestive enzyme formula, Digest Gold, with guaranteed delivery of 500 million active probiotic cultures to contribute to the healthy flora that reside in the digestive tract. These organisms support regularity, aid the immune system, produce vitamins like B and K, and fuel digestion. The product features the new TherActive Delivery System, which employs a specialized coating applied to the probiotic cultures before encapsulation with enzymes. The TherActive Delivery System offers shelf stability, guarantees potency, and ensures probiotic release in the alkaline pH of the small intestine. The product comes in both a 45- and a 90-capsule bottle size at a suggested retail price of $29.98 and $54.98, respectively.
For More Information: www.enzymedica.com
