HOT Rx
A1CNow SELFCHECK
Marketed by: Bayer Diabetes Care (Tarrytown, NY), a division of Bayer HealthCare LLC
Indication: The A1CNow SELFCHECK is now available without a prescription, enabling patients with diabetes to measure their A1C level at home in between visits to their health care provider. The monitor provides results within 5 minutes, has an easy-to-use design, and delivers a lab-accurate indication of average blood sugar levels over the past 3 months. A1CNow SELFCHECK complements the health care provider–administered A1C test but is not intended to replace it or routine blood glucose testing. The suggested retail price for the 2-test kit is $29.99.
For More Information: www.A1cnow.com

ROHTO Hydra Eye Drops
Marketed by: The Mentholatum Company (Orchard Park, NY)
Indication: The ROHTO Eye Drops Line has launched ROHTO Hydra, specifically formulated to lubricate and provide long-lasting moisture for dry, irritated eyes with the closest hydration to natural tears. All products in the ROHTO Hydra line contain the lubricant hypromellose and offer a special cooling sensation. ROHTO Cool is a general-purpose eye drop for redness relief; ROHTO Ice relieves redness and soothes itch, irritation, and burn; and ROHTO Arctic revives strained, overworked eyes and relieves redness. Each product comes in a 0.4-oz bottle and retails for $8.99.
For More Information: www.cool4eyes.com
 
 
Chewy Bites
Marketed by: Bariatric Advantage (Irvine, CA), a division of Catalina Lifesciences Inc
Indication: The Chewy Bite line of sugar-free, very low-calorie products provides targeted nutrition for patients who have had weight-loss surgery. Calcium Citrate Chews provide 250 mg calcium citrate per chew with 125 IU of vitamin D3 and come in chocolate or lemon flavors; Omega 3 Essential Fatty Acids provide a combined 160 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) per each berry-flavored chew. Chocolate-flavored Calcium Carbonate Chews provide 500 mg of calcium carbonate and 200 IU of vitamin D3 for weight-loss surgery patients who have undergone a restrictive-only procedure such as gastric banding, as well as those preparing for surgery.
For More Information: www.bariatricadvantage.com 800-898-6888

 
Centrum Ultra
Marketed by: Wyeth Consumer Healthcare (Madison, NJ)
Indication: The Centrum Ultra line of multivitamins is specially formulated for women and men to help ensure that, along with a healthy diet, they are getting recommended amounts of key vitamins and minerals each day based on their sex and age. The line includes Centrum Ultra for Women and Centrum Ultra for Men and 2 products specially formulated to meet the needs of individuals aged ≥50: Centrum Silver Ultra for Women and Centrum Silver Ultra for Men. The products are available in 100- and 200-count bottles, with a suggested retail price of $11.99 and $19.99, respectively.
For More Information: www.Centrum.com 800-877-CENTRUM

 
Natrol DHA 500 Super Strength
Marketed by: Natrol Inc (Chatsworth, CA)
Indication: Natrol DHA 500 Super Strength contains 500 mg of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an essential fatty acid that is vital for a healthy brain. Ongoing research suggests that DHA plays a role in healthy brain development and the maintenance of brain and memory function, as well as in supporting cellular, cognitive, and eye health throughout an individual’s lifespan. The product is formulated for once-daily dosing with a suggested retail price of $15.99 for 30 softgels.
For More Information: www.natrol.com 800-262-8765
 
 
Plan B One-Step
Marketed by: Teva Pharmaceuticals Inc (North Wales, PA)
Indication: The FDA has extended OTC access to the emergency contraceptive Plan B One-Step (levonorgestrel 1.5 mg) to patients 17 years of age and older with government-issued proof-of-age identification. Plan B One-Step can help women prevent an unintended pregnancy with 1 pill in 1 dose when taken as directed within 72 hours of unprotected sex or contraceptive failure. Plan B One-Step should be taken as soon as possible after unprotected sex. Women younger than 17 still require a prescription to obtain Plan B One-Step.
For More Information: www.PlanBOneStep.com 800-330-1271

GelStat Sleep
Marketed by: GelStat Corporation (Palm City, FL)
Indication: GelStat Sleep is a dietary supplement, taken 15 minutes before bedtime, to improve sleep health. It combines 3 all-natural ingredients: L-5 hydroxytryptophan is a natural relaxant from the seeds of the Griffonia simplicifolia tree that works as a natural relaxant; valerian root extract is an herb that may help with grogginess upon waking; and melatonin is a natural hormone that aids in falling asleep more quickly. The product comes in bottles of 30 quick-dissolving tablets for a suggested retail price of $19.99.
For More Information: www.gelstat.com

 
Neosporin Lip Health Daily Hydration Therapy
Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson (New Brunswick, NJ)
Indication: Neosporin Lip Health Daily Hydration Therapy features a patented combination of essential lipids and antioxidants to repair and nourish lips, improve lip tone, reduce dryness, and make lips less prone to chapping. The product has been shown to restore visibly healthier lips in 3 days and lock in moisture. Peptides, vitamins, and emollients help to nourish and strengthen lips, and an SPF 20 protects lips from sunburn. The 0.35-oz (10-g) tube retails for $4.99.
For More Information: www.neolips.com

 Ultra Probiotic Complex
Marketed by: GNC Inc (Pittsburgh, PA)
Indication: New Ultra Probiotic Complex has been clinically studied to improve regularity, boost immune health, and reduce bloating and stomach discomfort. Ultra Probiotic Complex 25 daily formula delivers 25 million cultures per serving to help maintain natural resistance and overall digestive health. Ultra Probiotic Complex 50 provides 50 billion live cultures. This higher potency is beneficial when used during or after antibiotic use, digestive upset, or traveling.
For More Information: www.GNC.com

Systane Ultra Preservative-Free Vials
Marketed by: Alcon Laboratories Inc (Fort Worth, TX)
Indication: Systane Ultra Lubricant Eye Drops is a high-performance dry eye therapy in a preservative-free vial. The product provides extended protection to the ocular surface and increased comfort from the symptoms of dry eye. It is available in packages of 24 convenient, preservative-free vials, each containing a single-unit dose.
For More Information: www.systane.com 800-757-9195
